
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001031                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1031193045                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               398759544300                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 313193                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   405042                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  27337                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67610200                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 37722.18                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11814313422                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15279071017                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        13312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        17920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        24320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        18432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        47360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        72832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        73088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        13568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        21376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        72448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        14080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        18688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        47616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        23936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        20352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        17536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               556544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           39680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       247424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            247424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          140                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          190                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          144                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          370                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          569                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          571                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          106                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          167                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          566                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          110                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          146                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          372                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          187                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          159                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          137                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  4348                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1933                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1933                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3351458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     12909319                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      3351458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     17377929                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1613665                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     23584333                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3351458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     17874442                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1737793                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     45927385                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1613665                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     70628870                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1613665                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     70877127                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      3227330                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     13157575                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1861921                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     20729387                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1613665                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     70256486                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      3227330                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     13654087                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      3351458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     18122698                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1737793                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     46175641                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1613665                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     23211949                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1861921                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     19736363                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3351458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     17005545                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               539708838                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3351458                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      3351458                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1613665                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3351458                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1737793                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1613665                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1613665                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      3227330                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1861921                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1613665                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      3227330                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      3351458                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1737793                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1613665                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1861921                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3351458                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           38479701                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         239939555                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              239939555                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         239939555                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      3351458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     12909319                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      3351458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     17377929                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1613665                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     23584333                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      3351458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     17874442                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      1737793                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     45927385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      1613665                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     70628870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1613665                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     70877127                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      3227330                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     13157575                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      1861921                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     20729387                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      1613665                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     70256486                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      3227330                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     13654087                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      3351458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     18122698                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      1737793                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     46175641                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      1613665                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     23211949                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      1861921                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     19736363                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      3351458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     17005545                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              779648393                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2472886                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         224845                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       187155                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21873                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84722                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79947                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23738                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          996                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1943875                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1233088                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            224845                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       103685                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              256244                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         61819                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        60226                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          122114                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20809                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2300086                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.659516                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.039386                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2043842     88.86%     88.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          15559      0.68%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          19666      0.86%     90.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          31342      1.36%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          12644      0.55%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          16851      0.73%     93.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          19555      0.85%     93.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7           9151      0.40%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         131476      5.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2300086                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.090924                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.498643                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1932518                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles        72952                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          254967                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          120                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        39523                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        34101                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          219                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1506445                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1283                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        39523                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1934927                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles          5496                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        61671                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          252644                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles         5820                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1496423                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents          704                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         4086                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2090382                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6954567                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6954567                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1718824                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         371530                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          355                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          185                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           21241                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       141615                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        72383                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads          807                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        15994                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1458963                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          357                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1389092                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1835                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       195630                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       414641                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2300086                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.603930                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326476                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1713080     74.48%     74.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       266224     11.57%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110270      4.79%     90.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61496      2.67%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82972      3.61%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        25978      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        25500      1.11%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13466      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1100      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2300086                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9748     78.92%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1350     10.93%     89.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1254     10.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1170196     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18833      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127877      9.21%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        72016      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1389092                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.561729                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12352                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008892                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5092457                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1654970                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1351010                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1401444                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1007                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29907                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1476                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        39523                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles          4165                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles          494                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1459322                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1086                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       141615                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72383                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          185                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          413                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12106                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12743                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        24849                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1363715                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125303                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25377                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             197277                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         192402                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            71974                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.551467                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1351047                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1351010                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          809319                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2174770                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.546329                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.372140                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000005                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1232105                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       227209                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        21846                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2260563                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.545043                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364416                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1738546     76.91%     76.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       264907     11.72%     88.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95973      4.25%     92.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47713      2.11%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43721      1.93%     96.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18455      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18167      0.80%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8696      0.38%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24385      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2260563                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1232105                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               182615                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              111708                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           178645                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1109201                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        25420                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        24385                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3695479                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2958168                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 30909                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                172800                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1232105                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.472874                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.472874                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.404388                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.404388                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6133364                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1889590                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1391553                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2472886                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         203336                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       166238                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21533                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        85175                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78084                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20673                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          983                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1953573                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1136684                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            203336                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches        98757                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              236154                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         59035                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        46876                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          120980                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21384                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2273857                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613935                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.959295                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2037703     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          10908      0.48%     90.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          17093      0.75%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          23212      1.02%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          24025      1.06%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          20808      0.92%     93.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          11164      0.49%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          17406      0.77%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         111538      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2273857                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.082226                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.459659                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1933856                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        67034                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          235623                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          319                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        37021                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        33383                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1392832                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1273                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        37021                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1939499                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         14276                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        40424                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          230340                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        12293                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1391646                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         1582                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         5457                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1943580                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      6469299                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      6469299                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1661664                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         281916                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          358                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          195                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           38531                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       130908                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        69948                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads          859                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        33448                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1389169                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          360                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1312847                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          281                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       165802                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       398500                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           30                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2273857                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577366                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260886                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1705777     75.02%     75.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       243504     10.71%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       121233      5.33%     91.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82077      3.61%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        65526      2.88%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27546      1.21%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17767      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9206      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1221      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2273857                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           283     12.29%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead          828     35.97%     48.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1191     51.74%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1104643     84.14%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19464      1.48%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          163      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       118964      9.06%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69613      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1312847                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.530897                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2302                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001753                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4902134                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1555347                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1291410                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1315149                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2806                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22937                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           17                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1276                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        37021                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         11433                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1202                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1389534                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          120                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       130908                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69948                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          195                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1015                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           17                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11757                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12530                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        24287                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1293465                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       111959                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19382                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             181552                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         183612                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            69593                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.523059                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1291493                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1291410                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          742166                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1997959                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.522228                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.371462                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts       968458                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1191690                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       197857                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          330                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        21581                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2236836                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532757                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.360407                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1736834     77.65%     77.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       253216     11.32%     88.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90562      4.05%     93.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43292      1.94%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43654      1.95%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21579      0.96%     97.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14139      0.63%     98.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8351      0.37%     98.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25209      1.13%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2236836                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts       968458                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1191690                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               176643                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              107971                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           171834                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1073692                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        24535                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        25209                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3601161                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2816123                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 31246                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                199029                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts            968458                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1191690                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total       968458                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.553426                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.553426                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.391631                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.391631                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        5819490                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1800912                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1291304                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          330                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2472886                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         192758                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       169436                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17591                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       117790                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         114675                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12676                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          578                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1970766                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1092982                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            192758                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       127351                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              240877                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         57195                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        27551                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          121311                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17103                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2278703                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.545197                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.813849                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2037826     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          33885      1.49%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          20011      0.88%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          33194      1.46%     93.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          12264      0.54%     93.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          30482      1.34%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           5444      0.24%     95.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          10052      0.44%     95.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8          95545      4.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2278703                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.077949                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.441986                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        1955465                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        43574                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          240212                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          301                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        39147                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        20406                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          362                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1238032                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1417                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        39147                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        1957517                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         23147                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        14488                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          238267                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         6133                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1235448                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         1039                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         4377                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1638051                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      5624532                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      5624532                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1291419                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         346606                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          174                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts           86                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           16605                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       208001                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        39171                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          418                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores         8838                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1226772                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          172                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1136489                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1154                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       244768                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       517560                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2278703                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.498744                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.124890                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1785280     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       161403      7.08%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       154772      6.79%     92.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92873      4.08%     96.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        53048      2.33%     98.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        14332      0.63%     99.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16238      0.71%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          413      0.02%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          344      0.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2278703                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2254     59.36%     59.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     59.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     59.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     59.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     59.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     59.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     59.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     59.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     59.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     59.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead          845     22.25%     81.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          698     18.38%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       900876     79.27%     79.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9715      0.85%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           88      0.01%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       187139     16.47%     96.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        38671      3.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1136489                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.459580                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3797                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003341                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4556632                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1471723                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1104022                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1140286                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1126                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        47496                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           11                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1429                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        39147                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         17232                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles          813                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1226944                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           64                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       208001                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        39171                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           86                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          462                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           19                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           11                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10296                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8381                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        18677                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1118737                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       183594                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17752                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             222255                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         167810                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            38661                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.452401                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1104528                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1104022                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          665377                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1514040                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.446451                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.439471                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts       858751                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps       979405                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       247562                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          172                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        17316                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2239556                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.437321                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.297497                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1867891     83.40%     83.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       150631      6.73%     90.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91675      4.09%     94.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        30247      1.35%     95.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47004      2.10%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        10252      0.46%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6756      0.30%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5929      0.26%     98.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        29171      1.30%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2239556                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts       858751                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps       979405                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               198240                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              160498                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           148993                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts          859784                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        13423                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        29171                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3437352                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2493129                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 44821                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                194183                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts            858751                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps              979405                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total       858751                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.879631                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.879631                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.347267                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.347267                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        5172785                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1455301                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1286072                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2472886                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         203900                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       166745                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21518                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        81936                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          77901                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20539                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          957                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1952243                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1141086                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            203900                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches        98440                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              236645                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         59610                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        47393                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          120958                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21384                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2274126                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616225                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.963698                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2037481     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          10936      0.48%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          16980      0.75%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          22987      1.01%     91.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          24090      1.06%     92.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          20693      0.91%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          11336      0.50%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          17309      0.76%     95.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         112314      4.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2274126                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.082454                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.461439                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        1932363                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles        67750                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          236004                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          393                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        37612                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        33446                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          211                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1398004                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1281                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        37612                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        1938140                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         14747                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        40385                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          230631                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        12607                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1396655                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            9                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         1610                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         5580                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      1950613                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      6492566                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      6492566                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1660415                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         290163                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          335                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          172                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           39765                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       131316                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        69950                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          849                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        34627                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1393709                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          336                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1314508                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          252                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       171106                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       412876                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2274126                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578028                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261222                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1704602     74.96%     74.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       245661     10.80%     85.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119988      5.28%     91.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82127      3.61%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        65826      2.89%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28016      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17503      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9136      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1267      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2274126                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           294     12.48%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead          870     36.93%     49.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1192     50.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1106152     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19511      1.48%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          163      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       119011      9.05%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69671      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1314508                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.531568                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2356                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001792                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4905747                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1565166                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1292829                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1316864                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2838                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23427                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           16                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1337                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        37612                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         11815                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1199                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1394052                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           80                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       131316                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69950                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          172                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1011                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           16                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11687                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12727                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        24414                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1294914                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       111963                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19591                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             181619                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         183661                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            69656                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.523645                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1292899                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1292829                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          743206                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2002846                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.522802                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371075                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts       967722                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1190778                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       203277                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          329                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        21565                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2236514                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532426                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.358846                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1736033     77.62%     77.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       254034     11.36%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90173      4.03%     93.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44065      1.97%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42956      1.92%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21492      0.96%     97.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14280      0.64%     98.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8609      0.38%     98.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24872      1.11%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2236514                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts       967722                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1190778                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               176502                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              107889                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           171708                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1072869                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        24516                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        24872                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3605684                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2825743                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 31300                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                198760                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts            967722                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1190778                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total       967722                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.555368                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.555368                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.391333                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.391333                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        5825375                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1802732                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1295740                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2472886                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         192314                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173224                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12135                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84046                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          66924                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10452                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          542                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2021853                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1208090                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            192314                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches        77376                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              238382                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         38300                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        50042                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          118066                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12008                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2336178                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607624                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940037                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2097796     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1           8474      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          17486      0.75%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3           7095      0.30%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          38901      1.67%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          34890      1.49%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           6698      0.29%     94.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          14160      0.61%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         110678      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2336178                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077769                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.488534                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2009900                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles        62424                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          237339                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          814                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        25695                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        16955                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          206                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1416318                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1260                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        25695                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2012598                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         43729                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        11633                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          235550                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         6967                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1414309                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         2662                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         2658                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents            6                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      1670590                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      6656074                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      6656074                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1440349                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         230241                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          168                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts           88                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           19712                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       329674                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       165398                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1563                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores         8060                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1409039                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          168                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1341964                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          892                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       131683                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       323317                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2336178                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574427                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371583                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1859111     79.58%     79.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       143007      6.12%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       117223      5.02%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        50712      2.17%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64470      2.76%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        61806      2.65%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35180      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2967      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1702      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2336178                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3415     11.25%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        26132     86.08%     97.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          810      2.67%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       846529     63.08%     63.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11675      0.87%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       318883     23.76%     87.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       164797     12.28%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1341964                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.542671                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30357                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022621                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5051355                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1540939                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1328340                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1372321                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2412                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16548                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           49                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1564                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          120                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        25695                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         40130                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1763                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1409207                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           13                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       329674                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       165398                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           88                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1197                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           49                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6320                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7546                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        13866                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1330982                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       317689                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10982                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             482438                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         173833                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           164749                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.538230                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1328466                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1328340                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          719130                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         1424220                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.537162                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.504929                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1068504                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1255883                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       153429                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          160                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        12156                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2310483                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543559                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365706                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1854526     80.27%     80.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166734      7.22%     87.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        78031      3.38%     90.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        77114      3.34%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        20854      0.90%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89516      3.87%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7006      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4903      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11799      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2310483                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1068504                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1255883                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               476960                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              313126                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars                80                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           165774                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1116929                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        12206                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        11799                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3707996                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2844327                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 45980                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                136708                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1068504                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1255883                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1068504                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.314344                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.314344                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.432088                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.432088                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        6571178                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1549071                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1675852                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2472882                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         192906                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       157332                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20435                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        78717                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73223                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19228                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          912                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1868323                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1141370                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            192906                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches        92451                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              234124                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         63894                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        63049                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          116710                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20459                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2208233                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628595                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.995981                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        1974109     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          12382      0.56%     89.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          19505      0.88%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          29424      1.33%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          12385      0.56%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          14518      0.66%     93.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          15138      0.69%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          10713      0.49%     94.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         120059      5.44%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2208233                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.078009                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.461555                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        1844691                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles        87370                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          232439                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         1311                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        42421                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        31294                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          318                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1384174                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1090                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        42421                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        1849466                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         41686                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        31529                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          229115                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        14013                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1380949                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          676                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         2358                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         7127                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1110                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1889390                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      6437243                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      6437243                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1557343                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         332047                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          299                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          157                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           41751                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       140037                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        77271                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3843                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        14879                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1375924                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          299                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1283284                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2103                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       211897                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       491621                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2208233                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581136                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267009                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1662471     75.29%     75.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       220722     10.00%     85.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122470      5.55%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        80337      3.64%     94.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        73617      3.33%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        22825      1.03%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16280      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5750      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3761      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2208233                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           364     11.54%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1295     41.07%     52.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1494     47.38%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1056524     82.33%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23622      1.84%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          142      0.01%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127268      9.92%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75728      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1283284                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.518943                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3153                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002457                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4780057                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1588178                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1259681                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1286437                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6109                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29822                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           59                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5099                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1043                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        42421                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         31562                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1637                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1376223                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          548                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140037                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77271                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          157                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          945                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           46                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           59                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10956                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12638                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        23594                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1264574                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       120484                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18710                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             196075                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         171349                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            75591                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.511377                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1259815                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1259681                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          745400                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1891409                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.509398                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.394098                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       933060                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1137782                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       239617                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          284                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        20796                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2165812                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525337                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376260                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1705113     78.73%     78.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       219214     10.12%     88.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90903      4.20%     93.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        46829      2.16%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        34844      1.61%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19834      0.92%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12294      0.57%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10283      0.47%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26498      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2165812                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       933060                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1137782                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               182387                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              110215                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               142                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           157962                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1028692                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        22187                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        26498                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3516713                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2797224                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 33315                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                264649                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            933060                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1137782                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       933060                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.650293                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.650293                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.377317                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.377317                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        5739955                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1721780                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1311006                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          284                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2472886                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         193064                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       157500                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20318                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79236                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73715                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19161                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          897                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1868716                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1141503                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            193064                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches        92876                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              234307                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         63429                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        60721                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          116644                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20375                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2206132                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.629152                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.996021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        1971825     89.38%     89.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          12354      0.56%     89.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          19603      0.89%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          29497      1.34%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          12475      0.57%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          14419      0.65%     93.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          15444      0.70%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          10837      0.49%     94.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         119678      5.42%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2206132                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.078072                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.461608                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        1846008                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles        84119                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          232587                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1345                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        42072                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        31291                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          318                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1383967                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1090                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        42072                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        1850606                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         41047                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        29329                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          229435                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        13640                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1380565                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          598                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         2438                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         6959                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents          911                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1889841                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      6435250                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      6435250                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1559889                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         329940                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          297                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          155                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           40904                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       139454                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        77252                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3817                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        14887                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1375658                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          297                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1283851                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1913                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       210339                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       486460                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2206132                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581947                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266826                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1659645     75.23%     75.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       221312     10.03%     85.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122367      5.55%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        80768      3.66%     94.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        73506      3.33%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        22840      1.04%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16279      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5717      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3698      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2206132                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           365     11.40%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1348     42.09%     53.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1490     46.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1057388     82.36%     82.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23634      1.84%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          142      0.01%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126921      9.89%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75766      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1283851                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.519171                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3203                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002495                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4778950                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1586352                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1260735                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1287054                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6003                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29071                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           59                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4989                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1032                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        42072                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         30815                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1617                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1375955                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           40                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       139454                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77252                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          155                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          907                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           59                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11006                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12413                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        23419                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1265404                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       120161                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18447                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             195804                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         171587                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            75643                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.511711                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1260830                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1260735                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          745942                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1893250                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.509823                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.394001                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       934503                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1139561                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       237415                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          284                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        20680                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2164060                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526585                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.378239                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1702849     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       219437     10.14%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91053      4.21%     93.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        46703      2.16%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        34979      1.62%     96.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19816      0.92%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12275      0.57%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10321      0.48%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26627      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2164060                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       934503                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1139561                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               182643                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              110380                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               142                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           158224                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1030281                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        22219                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        26627                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3514409                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2796040                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 33165                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                266754                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            934503                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1139561                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       934503                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.646204                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.646204                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.377900                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.377900                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        5742993                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1723499                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1311016                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          284                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2472886                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         224685                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       187038                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21884                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84531                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79870                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23700                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          992                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1943466                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1232357                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            224685                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       103570                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              256024                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         61846                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        60419                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          122088                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20815                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2299666                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.659225                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.039083                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2043642     88.87%     88.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          15525      0.68%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          19610      0.85%     90.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          31312      1.36%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          12651      0.55%     92.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          16840      0.73%     93.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          19507      0.85%     93.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7           9162      0.40%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         131417      5.71%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2299666                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.090859                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.498348                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        1932165                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles        73089                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          254740                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          126                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        39540                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        34060                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          218                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1505494                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        39540                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        1934575                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles          5408                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        61915                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          252427                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         5796                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1495486                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents          708                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         4057                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      2088991                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      6950203                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      6950203                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1717620                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         371365                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          355                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          185                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           21168                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       141526                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        72322                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads          805                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        15986                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1458012                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          357                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1388117                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1848                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       195462                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       414591                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2299666                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.603617                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326207                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1713027     74.49%     74.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       266179     11.57%     86.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110049      4.79%     90.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61505      2.67%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82905      3.61%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        25936      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        25533      1.11%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13429      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1103      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2299666                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9751     78.92%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1352     10.94%     89.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1253     10.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1169438     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18814      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127738      9.20%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71957      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1388117                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.561335                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12356                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008901                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5090104                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1653851                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1350095                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1400473                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1011                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29913                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1470                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        39540                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles          4072                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles          495                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1458371                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1046                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       141526                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72322                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          185                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          418                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12103                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12751                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        24854                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1362782                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125187                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25335                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             197102                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         192238                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            71915                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.551090                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1350132                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1350095                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          808666                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         2173221                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.545959                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372105                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts       999298                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1231214                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       227155                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        21858                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2260126                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544755                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364125                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1738529     76.92%     76.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       264675     11.71%     88.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95903      4.24%     92.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47620      2.11%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43732      1.93%     96.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18451      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18164      0.80%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8710      0.39%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24342      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2260126                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts       999298                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1231214                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               182461                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              111612                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           178517                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1108401                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        25403                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        24342                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3694140                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2956290                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 30924                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                173220                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts            999298                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1231214                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total       999298                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.474623                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.474623                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.404102                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.404102                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        6129220                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1888286                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1390689                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2472886                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         200498                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164231                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21445                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82619                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76640                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20382                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          946                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1923278                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1146572                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            200498                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        97022                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              250765                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         61407                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        58203                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          120081                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21240                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2271864                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617883                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.972696                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2021099     88.96%     88.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          26401      1.16%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          30917      1.36%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          17148      0.75%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          19516      0.86%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          11062      0.49%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6           7574      0.33%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          19927      0.88%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         118220      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2271864                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.081079                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.463657                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1907641                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles        74390                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          248706                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         1850                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        39273                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        32549                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          345                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1399405                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1876                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        39273                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1910888                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         13931                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        51872                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          247346                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         8550                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1397849                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         1941                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         4159                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1945051                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      6507677                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      6507677                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1631358                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         313688                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          360                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          201                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           24821                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       133866                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        71830                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1672                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        15780                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1394569                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          361                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1310059                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1846                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       191547                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       443596                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           41                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2271864                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576645                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269043                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1721363     75.77%     75.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       220939      9.73%     85.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       118690      5.22%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82100      3.61%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        72385      3.19%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        37146      1.64%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8873      0.39%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6012      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4356      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2271864                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           342     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1365     45.08%     56.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1321     43.63%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1097314     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20444      1.56%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          159      0.01%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       120839      9.22%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71303      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1310059                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.529769                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3028                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002311                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4896856                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1586511                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1286493                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1313087                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3346                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25904                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           34                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1996                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           80                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        39273                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles          9883                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1016                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1394931                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           30                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       133866                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        71830                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          201                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          704                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           34                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11755                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12483                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        24238                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1289294                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       113128                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20765                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             184410                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         179356                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            71282                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.521372                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1286568                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1286493                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          766050                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         2008289                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.520240                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.381444                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts       957696                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1174953                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       219976                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          320                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        21422                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2232591                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526273                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345303                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1752810     78.51%     78.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       222605      9.97%     88.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93263      4.18%     92.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55653      2.49%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38733      1.73%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25112      1.12%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13296      0.60%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10357      0.46%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20762      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2232591                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts       957696                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1174953                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               177793                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              107959                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               160                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           168095                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1059339                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        23908                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        20762                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3606758                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2829140                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 31453                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                201022                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts            957696                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1174953                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total       957696                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.582120                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.582120                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.387279                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.387279                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        5814623                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1788686                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1304004                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          320                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2472886                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         192625                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       157181                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20438                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        78659                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73246                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19183                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          901                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1869674                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1140604                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            192625                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches        92429                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              234004                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         64024                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        61254                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          116802                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20517                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2207780                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628107                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.995037                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        1973776     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          12336      0.56%     89.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          19587      0.89%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          29583      1.34%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          12318      0.56%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          14325      0.65%     93.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          15293      0.69%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          10687      0.48%     94.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         119875      5.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2207780                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.077895                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.461244                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1846498                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles        85104                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          232320                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1325                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        42532                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        31161                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          318                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1382851                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1090                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        42532                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        1851190                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         39759                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        31305                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          229068                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        13923                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1379404                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          739                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         2439                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         7019                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1046                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1888397                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      6430277                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      6430277                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1555143                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         333254                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          299                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          158                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           41447                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       139427                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        77230                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3836                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        14858                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1374503                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          300                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1282284                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1907                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       212537                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       489852                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2207780                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580802                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.265963                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1661924     75.28%     75.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       221194     10.02%     85.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122119      5.53%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        80624      3.65%     94.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        73469      3.33%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        22715      1.03%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16320      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5711      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3704      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2207780                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           359     11.34%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1326     41.90%     53.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1480     46.76%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1055900     82.35%     82.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23651      1.84%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          141      0.01%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126927      9.90%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75665      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1282284                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.518537                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3165                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002468                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4777420                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1587402                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1258791                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1285449                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5966                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29303                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5146                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1037                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        42532                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         29503                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1606                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1374803                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           28                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       139427                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77230                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          158                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          905                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           25                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11069                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12577                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        23646                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1263485                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       119985                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18799                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             195524                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         171229                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            75539                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.510935                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1258881                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1258791                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          744979                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1890169                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.509037                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.394134                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts       931775                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1136308                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       239602                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          284                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        20812                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2165248                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524793                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.375293                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1704872     78.74%     78.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       219192     10.12%     88.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90913      4.20%     93.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        46698      2.16%     95.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        34761      1.61%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19858      0.92%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12242      0.57%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10286      0.48%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26426      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2165248                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts       931775                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1136308                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               182208                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              110124                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               142                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           157787                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1027353                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        22169                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        26426                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3514732                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2794359                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 33304                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                265106                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            931775                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1136308                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total       931775                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.653952                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.653952                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.376797                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.376797                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        5734619                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1720950                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1309877                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          284                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2472886                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         224756                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       187066                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21831                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84711                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79864                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23714                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          988                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1944139                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1232562                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            224756                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       103578                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              256056                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         61718                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        60926                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          122055                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20771                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2300803                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.658999                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.038902                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2044747     88.87%     88.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          15548      0.68%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          19628      0.85%     90.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          31340      1.36%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          12631      0.55%     92.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          16725      0.73%     93.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          19527      0.85%     93.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7           9164      0.40%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         131493      5.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2300803                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.090888                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.498431                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        1932754                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles        73686                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          254776                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          115                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        39466                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        34104                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1505691                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1271                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        39466                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        1935176                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles          5480                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        62445                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          252450                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         5781                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1495608                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents          699                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         4056                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      2089704                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      6950306                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      6950306                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1718515                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         371183                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          355                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          185                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           21195                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       141494                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        72452                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          802                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        16064                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1458799                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          357                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1388796                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1793                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       195478                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       415150                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2300803                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.603614                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326101                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1713790     74.49%     74.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       266324     11.58%     86.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110251      4.79%     90.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61582      2.68%     93.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82733      3.60%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26114      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        25443      1.11%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13464      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1102      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2300803                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9687     78.78%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1356     11.03%     89.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1253     10.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1169909     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18820      1.36%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127826      9.20%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        72071      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1388796                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.561609                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12296                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008854                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5092484                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1654654                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1350848                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1401092                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          971                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29807                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1556                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        39466                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles          4157                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles          520                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1459158                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1084                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       141494                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72452                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          185                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          443                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12101                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12740                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        24841                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1363582                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125285                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25214                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             197313                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         192452                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            72028                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.551413                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1350882                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1350848                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          808846                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         2172811                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.546264                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.372258                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts       999824                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1231878                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       227278                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        21806                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2261337                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544756                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364006                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1739374     76.92%     76.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       264899     11.71%     88.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95945      4.24%     92.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47716      2.11%     94.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43717      1.93%     96.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18438      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18207      0.81%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8687      0.38%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24354      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2261337                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts       999824                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1231878                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               182579                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              111683                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           178610                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1109000                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        25417                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        24354                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3696126                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2957790                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 30837                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                172083                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts            999824                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1231878                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total       999824                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.473321                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.473321                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.404315                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.404315                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        6132241                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1889741                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1391041                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2472886                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         203594                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       166452                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21562                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        81950                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          77701                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20596                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          991                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1953359                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1139498                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            203594                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches        98297                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              236454                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         59503                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        46929                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          120982                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21394                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2274435                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615397                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.962649                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2037981     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          10961      0.48%     90.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          16979      0.75%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          23157      1.02%     91.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          24255      1.07%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          20509      0.90%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          10849      0.48%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          17321      0.76%     95.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         112423      4.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2274435                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.082331                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.460797                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        1933503                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        67240                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          235857                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          371                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        37460                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        33439                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1396467                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1273                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        37460                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        1939178                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         14228                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        40515                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          230553                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        12497                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1395125                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         1694                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         5474                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1948294                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      6485753                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      6485753                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1660106                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         288159                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          350                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          187                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           39226                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       131444                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        69891                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads          874                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        33280                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1392446                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          352                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1313585                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          267                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       169849                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       411981                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2274435                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577543                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261051                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1706477     75.03%     75.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       242952     10.68%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       120990      5.32%     91.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82808      3.64%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        65644      2.89%     97.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27354      1.20%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17875      0.79%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9047      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1288      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2274435                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           278     11.84%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead          882     37.58%     49.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1187     50.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1105335     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19487      1.48%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          163      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       119015      9.06%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69585      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1313585                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.531195                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2347                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001787                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4904218                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1562664                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1291745                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1315932                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2872                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23568                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           18                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1287                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        37460                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         11387                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1152                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1392803                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           20                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       131444                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69891                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          187                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          957                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           18                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11599                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12758                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        24357                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1293797                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       111933                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19787                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             181498                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         183589                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            69565                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.523193                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1291820                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1291745                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          742681                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         2000705                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.522363                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.371210                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       967558                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1190573                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       202223                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          330                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        21610                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2236975                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532225                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.359992                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1737547     77.67%     77.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       252983     11.31%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90367      4.04%     93.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43166      1.93%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43623      1.95%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21451      0.96%     97.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14342      0.64%     98.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8409      0.38%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25087      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2236975                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       967558                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1190573                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               176476                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              107872                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           171675                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1072688                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        24512                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        25087                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3604671                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2823073                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 31328                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                198451                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            967558                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1190573                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       967558                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.555801                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.555801                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.391267                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.391267                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        5820164                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1801456                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1294085                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          330                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2472886                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         192566                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173351                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11905                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        72090                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          66763                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10488                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          532                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2023822                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1209392                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            192566                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches        77251                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              238320                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         37845                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        50121                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          117906                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11768                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2337928                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607743                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940959                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2099608     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1           8380      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          17501      0.75%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3           6956      0.30%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          38769      1.66%     92.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          34991      1.50%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6           6490      0.28%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          14225      0.61%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         111008      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2337928                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077871                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.489061                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        2012008                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles        62361                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          237279                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          813                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        25461                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        17049                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          204                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1417689                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1250                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        25461                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        2014697                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         42536                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        12745                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          235482                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         7001                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1415787                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         2593                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         2737                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents           33                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1670912                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6663290                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6663290                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1444061                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         226839                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          172                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts           92                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           19853                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       330342                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       166003                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1637                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores         8102                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1410866                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          172                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1345044                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          906                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       131399                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       318289                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2337928                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575315                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.372184                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1859519     79.54%     79.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       143445      6.14%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       117751      5.04%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        50949      2.18%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64372      2.75%     95.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        62008      2.65%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35206      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2938      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1740      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2337928                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3408     11.19%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        26244     86.16%     97.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          809      2.66%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       847943     63.04%     63.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11781      0.88%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       319903     23.78%     87.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       165337     12.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1345044                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.543917                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30461                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022647                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5059383                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1542488                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1331427                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1375505                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2351                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16254                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           51                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1686                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          118                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        25461                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         38833                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1817                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1411038                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           18                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       330342                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       166003                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           92                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1260                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           51                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6079                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7623                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        13702                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1334143                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       318744                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10901                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             484040                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         174364                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           165296                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.539508                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1331550                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1331427                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          721049                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         1425542                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.538410                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.505807                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1071498                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1259349                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       151751                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          160                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        11937                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2312467                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544591                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366775                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1855225     80.23%     80.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       167232      7.23%     87.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        78226      3.38%     90.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        77364      3.35%     94.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        20887      0.90%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89756      3.88%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7009      0.30%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4953      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11815      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2312467                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1071498                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1259349                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               478398                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              314081                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars                80                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           166252                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1120007                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        12244                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        11815                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3711752                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2847685                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 45789                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                134958                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1071498                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1259349                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1071498                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.307877                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.307877                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.433299                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.433299                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        6586886                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1551940                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1678668                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2472886                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         192677                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       169466                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17584                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       118201                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         114892                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12613                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          565                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1972805                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1092919                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            192677                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       127505                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              240869                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         57138                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        27384                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          121395                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17101                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2280519                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.544575                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.812386                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2039650     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          33749      1.48%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          20102      0.88%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          33154      1.45%     93.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          12473      0.55%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          30479      1.34%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6           5527      0.24%     95.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          10031      0.44%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8          95354      4.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2280519                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077916                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.441961                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        1956868                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        44030                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          240204                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          312                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        39101                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        20307                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          360                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1237665                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1409                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        39101                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        1958977                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         23311                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        14645                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          238236                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         6245                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1235175                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         1033                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         4492                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1637459                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      5623211                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      5623211                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1291668                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         345765                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          174                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts           86                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           16578                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       208180                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        39112                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads          411                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores         8808                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1226464                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          172                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1136510                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1153                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       244358                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       516463                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2280519                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.498356                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.124401                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1786843     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       161830      7.10%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       154649      6.78%     92.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92861      4.07%     96.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        52938      2.32%     98.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        14427      0.63%     99.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16215      0.71%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          426      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          330      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2280519                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2258     59.47%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead          843     22.20%     81.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          696     18.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       900691     79.25%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9698      0.85%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           88      0.01%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       187409     16.49%     96.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        38624      3.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1136510                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.459589                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3797                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003341                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4558489                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1471004                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1104055                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1140307                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1139                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        47613                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1370                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        39101                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         17094                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles          827                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1226636                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           59                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       208180                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        39112                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           86                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          473                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           22                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10389                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8351                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        18740                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1118821                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       183792                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17689                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             222404                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         167752                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            38612                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.452435                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1104555                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1104055                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          665251                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1513569                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.446464                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.439525                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts       858962                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps       979616                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       247046                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          172                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        17310                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2241418                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.437052                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296884                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1869685     83.42%     83.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       150524      6.72%     90.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91811      4.10%     94.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        30154      1.35%     95.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47188      2.11%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        10291      0.46%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6693      0.30%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5933      0.26%     98.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        29139      1.30%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2241418                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts       858962                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps       979616                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               198302                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              160560                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           149029                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts          859959                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        13423                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        29139                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3438941                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2492472                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 44840                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                192367                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts            858962                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps              979616                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total       858962                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.878924                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.878924                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.347352                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.347352                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        5173820                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1455277                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1286110                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2472886                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         200866                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164576                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21482                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        83005                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76675                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20382                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          953                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1924808                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1148148                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            200866                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches        97057                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              251212                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         61619                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        57347                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          120204                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21285                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2273160                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.618554                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.973863                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2021948     88.95%     88.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          26512      1.17%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          31050      1.37%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          17156      0.75%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          19437      0.86%     93.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          11115      0.49%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6           7493      0.33%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          19880      0.87%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         118569      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2273160                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.081227                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.464295                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1909152                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles        73567                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          249107                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1882                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        39448                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        32571                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          345                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1401674                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1880                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        39448                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1912426                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         13927                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        50964                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          247752                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles         8639                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1400040                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         1947                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         4194                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents           37                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1948547                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      6517921                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      6517921                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1632770                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         315771                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          359                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          200                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           25094                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       134341                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        71833                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1622                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        15744                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1396568                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          360                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1310966                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1865                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       192513                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       449189                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           40                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2273160                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576715                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268872                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1722281     75.77%     75.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       220845      9.72%     85.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       118947      5.23%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82432      3.63%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        72304      3.18%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        37095      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8949      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5910      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4397      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2273160                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           347     11.43%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1369     45.08%     56.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1321     43.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1098027     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20483      1.56%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          159      0.01%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       121017      9.23%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71280      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1310966                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.530136                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3037                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002317                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4899994                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1589476                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1287343                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1314003                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3285                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26294                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           35                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1938                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           80                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        39448                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles          9894                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1016                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1396929                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           30                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       134341                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        71833                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          200                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          709                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           35                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11716                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12528                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        24244                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1290147                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       113241                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20819                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             184502                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         179552                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            71261                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.521717                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1287412                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1287343                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          766744                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         2009753                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.520583                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.381512                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       958507                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1175951                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       220975                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          320                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        21458                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2233712                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526456                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345453                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1753462     78.50%     78.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       222829      9.98%     88.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93375      4.18%     92.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55793      2.50%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38711      1.73%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25044      1.12%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13328      0.60%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10399      0.47%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20771      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2233712                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       958507                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1175951                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               177938                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              108043                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               160                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           168236                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1060236                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        23928                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        20771                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3609867                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2833310                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 31453                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                199726                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            958507                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1175951                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       958507                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.579935                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.579935                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.387607                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.387607                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        5818320                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1790162                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1305642                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          320                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2472882                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         203003                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       166045                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21701                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84492                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          77822                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20552                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          983                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1952910                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1135276                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            203003                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches        98374                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              235642                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         59719                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        46653                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          121067                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21547                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2272975                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613466                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.959313                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2037333     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          10944      0.48%     90.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          16869      0.74%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          22992      1.01%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          24198      1.06%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          20533      0.90%     93.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          11045      0.49%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          17481      0.77%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         111580      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2272975                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.082092                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.459090                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        1933219                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles        66783                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          235065                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          367                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        37537                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        33269                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          211                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1391230                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1273                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        37537                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        1938828                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         14433                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        40003                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          229845                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        12325                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1390047                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         1630                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         5430                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1941373                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      6460828                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      6460828                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1655252                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         286121                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          349                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          187                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           38857                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       130870                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        69639                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads          823                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        33285                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1387515                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          352                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1310035                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          272                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       168317                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       404242                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2272975                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576353                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260395                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1706297     75.07%     75.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       242928     10.69%     85.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       120776      5.31%     91.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        81813      3.60%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        65596      2.89%     97.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27326      1.20%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17848      0.79%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9114      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1277      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2272975                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           310     13.36%     13.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead          827     35.63%     48.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1184     51.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1102595     84.17%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19392      1.48%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          162      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       118565      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69321      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1310035                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.529760                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2321                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001772                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4895638                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1556200                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1288122                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1312356                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2749                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23338                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           17                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1257                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        37537                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         11548                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1187                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1387872                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           16                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       130870                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69639                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          187                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1000                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           17                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11886                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12650                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        24536                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1290142                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       111444                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19893                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             180746                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         182982                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            69302                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.521716                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1288205                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1288122                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          740420                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1994730                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.520899                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.371188                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts       964694                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1187002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       200879                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          330                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        21749                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2235438                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.530993                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.358567                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1737275     77.72%     77.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       252504     11.30%     89.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90185      4.03%     93.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        42987      1.92%     94.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43398      1.94%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21421      0.96%     97.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14291      0.64%     98.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8292      0.37%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25085      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2235438                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts       964694                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1187002                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               175914                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              107532                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           171133                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1069477                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        24431                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        25085                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3598221                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2813308                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 31421                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                199907                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts            964694                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1187002                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total       964694                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.563385                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.563385                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.390109                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.390109                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        5803826                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1796681                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1289223                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          330                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                           4352                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32744.650129                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                           659397                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          37097                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          17.774941                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          1373.350526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    17.285717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data    50.246670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    26.356462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data    73.365164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    12.305593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   104.578081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    26.412193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    74.449119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    13.548975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   186.312765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    12.513206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   248.678034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    12.531706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   251.596957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    16.864930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    53.754400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    14.617565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    81.287276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    12.531830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   245.680683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    16.870552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    56.256144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    26.418239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    76.250378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    13.329431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   188.370125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    12.306097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   102.200834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    14.617092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data    78.825524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    26.398094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data    72.813961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1137.317846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1371.822392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1976.734407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1400.638955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          2199.409860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          2756.271697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          2788.627722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1126.991324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1692.462726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          2825.973364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1107.617235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1374.371435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          2195.833217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1988.816030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1791.963220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1416.874377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.041911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.001533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.002239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.003191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.002272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.005686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.007589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.007678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.001640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.002481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.007498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.001717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.002327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.005749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.003119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.002406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.002222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.034708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.041865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.060325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.042744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.067121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.084115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.085102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.034393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.051650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.086242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.033802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.041942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.067012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.060694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.054686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.043240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          301                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          415                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          472                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          233                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          229                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          254                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          415                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          264                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    5253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             2677                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  2677                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          239                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     5274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          239                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          264                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          301                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          261                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          415                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          475                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          472                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          236                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          318                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          475                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          232                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          257                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          415                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          303                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          331                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          267                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    5274                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          140                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          144                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          370                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          522                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          522                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          106                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          515                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          110                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          146                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          187                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          158                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          137                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  4200                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           49                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           51                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 148                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          190                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          569                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          566                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          146                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          187                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   4348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          104                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          140                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          190                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          144                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          370                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          569                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          571                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          106                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          167                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          566                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          110                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          146                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          372                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          187                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          159                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          137                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  4348                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4403547                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     15966018                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4298153                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     21019941                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1901794                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     28784575                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4500431                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     22002876                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2159293                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     55933104                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2099668                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     78657476                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1954692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     78925445                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4038156                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     16351286                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2150091                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     25365781                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1947062                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     77458016                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3911581                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     16750653                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4226431                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     21858673                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2130740                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     56246695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2035730                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     27840055                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2266807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     23668737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4395757                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     20863773                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       636113037                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      7270522                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      7198688                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      7696948                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       162775                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      22328933                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4403547                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     15966018                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4298153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     21019941                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1901794                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     28784575                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4500431                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     22002876                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2159293                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     55933104                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2099668                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     85927998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1954692                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     86124133                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4038156                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     16351286                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2150091                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     25365781                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1947062                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     85154964                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3911581                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     16750653                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4226431                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     21858673                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2130740                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     56246695                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2035730                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     27840055                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2266807                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     23831512                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4395757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     20863773                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        658441970                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4403547                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     15966018                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4298153                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     21019941                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1901794                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     28784575                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4500431                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     22002876                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2159293                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     55933104                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2099668                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     85927998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1954692                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     86124133                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4038156                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     16351286                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2150091                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     25365781                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1947062                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     85154964                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3911581                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     16750653                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4226431                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     21858673                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2130740                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     56246695                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2035730                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     27840055                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2266807                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     23831512                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4395757                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     20863773                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       658441970                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          491                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          994                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          990                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                9453                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2677                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              2677                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           49                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           51                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               169                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          342                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1041                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          342                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 9622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          342                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1041                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          342                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                9622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.305882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.349127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.386965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.358209                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.471338                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.523571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.525151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.312684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.344330                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.520202                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.324484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.365000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.472681                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.381633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.323108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.341646                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.444303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.875740                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.303207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.346535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.386965                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.355556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.471338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.545019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.547459                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.309942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.344330                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.543708                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.321637                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.362283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.472681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.381633                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.324490                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.339109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.451881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.303207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.346535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.386965                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.355556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.471338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.545019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.547459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.309942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.344330                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.543708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.321637                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.362283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.472681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.381633                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.324490                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.339109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.451881                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 163094.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 153519.403846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159190.851852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150142.435714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 146291.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151497.763158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 166682.629630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152797.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154235.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151170.551351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 161512.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150684.819923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 150360.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151198.170498                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 155313.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 154257.415094                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 143339.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151890.904192                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       149774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150403.914563                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150445.423077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 152278.663636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 156534.481481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 149716.938356                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 152195.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151200.793011                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 156594.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 148877.299465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151120.466667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 149802.132911                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 162805.814815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 152290.313869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151455.485000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 154691.957447                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       146912                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150920.549020                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       162775                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150871.168919                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 163094.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 153519.403846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159190.851852                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150142.435714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 146291.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151497.763158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 166682.629630                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152797.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154235.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151170.551351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 161512.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151015.813708                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 150360.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150830.355517                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 155313.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 154257.415094                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 143339.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151890.904192                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       149774                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150450.466431                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150445.423077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 152278.663636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 156534.481481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 149716.938356                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 152195.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151200.793011                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 156594.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 148877.299465                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151120.466667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 149883.723270                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 162805.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 152290.313869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151435.595676                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 163094.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 153519.403846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159190.851852                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150142.435714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 146291.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151497.763158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 166682.629630                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152797.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154235.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151170.551351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 161512.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151015.813708                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 150360.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150830.355517                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 155313.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 154257.415094                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 143339.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151890.904192                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       149774                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150450.466431                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150445.423077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 152278.663636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 156534.481481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 149716.938356                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 152195.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151200.793011                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 156594.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 148877.299465                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151120.466667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 149883.723270                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 162805.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 152290.313869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151435.595676                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1933                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1933                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             4200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           49                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           51                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            148                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              4348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          190                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          569                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          106                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          566                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          110                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          146                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          372                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          187                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          159                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             4348                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2837281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      9907040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2730161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     12877443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1146815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     17723008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2934706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     13620686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1344778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     34408362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1345001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     48271998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1198731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     48533031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2528201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     10179326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1276361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     15632202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1189415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     47471838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2396710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     10350565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2660799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     13356530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1318420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     34595714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1279791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     16954430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1392946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     14467413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2829638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     12890626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    391649966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      4535893                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      4347528                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      4727818                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       104708                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13715947                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2837281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      9907040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2730161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     12877443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1146815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     17723008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2934706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     13620686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1344778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     34408362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1345001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     52807891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1198731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     52880559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2528201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     10179326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1276361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     15632202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1189415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     52199656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2396710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     10350565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2660799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     13356530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1318420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     34595714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1279791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     16954430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1392946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     14572121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2829638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     12890626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    405365913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2837281                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      9907040                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2730161                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     12877443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1146815                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     17723008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2934706                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     13620686                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1344778                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     34408362                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1345001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     52807891                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1198731                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     52880559                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2528201                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     10179326                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1276361                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     15632202                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1189415                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     52199656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2396710                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     10350565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2660799                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     13356530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1318420                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     34595714                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1279791                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     16954430                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1392946                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     14572121                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2829638                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     12890626                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    405365913                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.305882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.349127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.386965                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.358209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.471338                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.523571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.525151                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.312684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.344330                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.520202                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.324484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.365000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.472681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.381633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.323108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.341646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.444303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.875740                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.303207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.346535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.386965                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.355556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.471338                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.545019                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.547459                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.309942                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.344330                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.543708                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.321637                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.362283                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.472681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.381633                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.324490                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.339109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.451881                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.303207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.346535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.386965                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.355556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.471338                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.545019                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.547459                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.309942                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.344330                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.543708                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.321637                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.362283                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.472681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.381633                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.324490                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.339109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.451881                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 105084.481481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        95260                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 101117.074074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 91981.735714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 88216.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93278.989474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 108692.814815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 94588.097222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 96055.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92995.572973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 103461.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92475.091954                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 92210.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92975.155172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 97238.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 96031.377358                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 85090.733333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        93606                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 91493.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92178.326214                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 92181.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 94096.045455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 98548.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91483.082192                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 94172.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92999.231183                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 98445.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 90665.401070                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 92863.066667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 91565.905063                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 104801.407407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94092.160584                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93249.991905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 96508.361702                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 88725.061224                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92702.313725                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       104708                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92675.317568                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 105084.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        95260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 101117.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 91981.735714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 88216.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93278.989474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 108692.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 94588.097222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 96055.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92995.572973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 103461.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92808.244288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 92210.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92610.436077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 97238.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 96031.377358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 85090.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        93606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 91493.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92225.540636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 92181.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 94096.045455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 98548.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91483.082192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 94172.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92999.231183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 98445.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 90665.401070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 92863.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 91648.559748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 104801.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94092.160584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93230.430773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 105084.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        95260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 101117.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 91981.735714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 88216.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93278.989474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 108692.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 94588.097222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 96055.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92995.572973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 103461.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92808.244288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 92210.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92610.436077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 97238.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 96031.377358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 85090.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        93606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 91493.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92225.540636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 92181.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 94096.045455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 98548.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91483.082192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 94172.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92999.231183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 98445.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 90665.401070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 92863.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 91648.559748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 104801.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94092.160584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93230.430773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              473.108111                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750130042                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1549855.458678                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    18.108111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.029019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.758186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       122075                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122075                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       122075                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         122075                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       122075                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        122075                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7229217                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7229217                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7229217                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7229217                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7229217                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7229217                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       122114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       122114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       122114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       122114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       122114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 185364.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 185364.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 185364.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 185364.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 185364.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 185364.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5367166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5367166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5367166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5367166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5367166                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5367166                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 185074.689655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 185074.689655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 185074.689655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 185074.689655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 185074.689655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 185074.689655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  343                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              108893274                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  599                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             181791.776294                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   117.118982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   138.881018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.457496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.542504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        96251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         96251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        70544                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70544                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       166795                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         166795                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       166795                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        166795                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          852                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          852                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total          864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          864                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total          864                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     91231556                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91231556                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1363540                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1363540                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     92595096                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     92595096                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     92595096                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     92595096                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        97103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        70556                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70556                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       167659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       167659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       167659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       167659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008774                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008774                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107079.291080                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107079.291080                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 113628.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113628.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107170.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107170.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107170.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107170.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           74                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              74                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          521                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          521                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     33617391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33617391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       282785                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       282785                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     33900176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     33900176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     33900176                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     33900176                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003501                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003501                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002046                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002046                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002046                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002046                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 98874.679412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98874.679412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 94261.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94261.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 98834.332362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98834.332362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 98834.332362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98834.332362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              503.322540                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              746682485                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1481512.867063                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    28.322540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.045389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.806607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       120947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       120947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         120947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       120947                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        120947                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7766389                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7766389                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7766389                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7766389                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7766389                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7766389                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       120980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       120980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       120980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       120980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       120980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 235345.121212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 235345.121212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 235345.121212                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 235345.121212                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 235345.121212                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 235345.121212                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6887851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6887851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6887851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6887851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6887851                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6887851                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 237512.103448                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 237512.103448                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 237512.103448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 237512.103448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 237512.103448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 237512.103448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  404                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              112794674                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  660                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             170901.021212                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   158.485949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    97.514051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.619086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.380914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        81886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         81886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        68333                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        68333                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          188                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          188                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          165                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          165                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       150219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         150219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       150219                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        150219                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1301                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1301                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         1319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1319                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         1319                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    158676810                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    158676810                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1515251                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1515251                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    160192061                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    160192061                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    160192061                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    160192061                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        83187                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83187                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        68351                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        68351                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          188                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          188                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          165                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          165                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       151538                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151538                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       151538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.015639                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015639                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000263                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008704                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008704                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008704                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008704                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 121965.265181                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121965.265181                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 84180.611111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84180.611111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 121449.629265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121449.629265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 121449.629265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121449.629265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total              83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          915                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          915                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     41871747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41871747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       228311                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       228311                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     42100058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42100058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     42100058                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42100058                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004820                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004820                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104418.321696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104418.321696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 76103.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76103.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104208.064356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104208.064356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104208.064356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104208.064356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              538.304551                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              643368333                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1193633.270872                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    12.304551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.019719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       121297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       121297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         121297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       121297                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        121297                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2718030                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2718030                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2718030                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2718030                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2718030                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2718030                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       121311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       121311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       121311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       121311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       121311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       194145                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       194145                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       194145                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       194145                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       194145                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       194145                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2329042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2329042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2329042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2329042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2329042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2329042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 179157.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179157.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 179157.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179157.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 179157.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179157.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  491                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              150642937                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  747                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             201663.904953                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   144.889804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   111.110196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.565976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.434024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       165261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        165261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        37568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        37568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       202829                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         202829                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       202829                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        202829                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1717                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1717                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1717                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         1717                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1717                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         1717                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    190001487                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    190001487                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    190001487                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    190001487                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    190001487                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    190001487                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       166978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       166978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        37568                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        37568                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       204546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       204546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       204546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       204546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010283                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010283                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008394                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008394                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008394                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008394                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 110658.990681                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110658.990681                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 110658.990681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110658.990681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 110658.990681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110658.990681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           49                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total              49                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1226                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1226                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          491                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          491                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     51127070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51127070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     51127070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51127070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     51127070                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51127070                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002941                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002941                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002400                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002400                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002400                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002400                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104128.452138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104128.452138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104128.452138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104128.452138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104128.452138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104128.452138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              502.394475                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              746682463                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1484458.176938                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    27.394475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.043901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.805119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       120925                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120925                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       120925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         120925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       120925                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        120925                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7453200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7453200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7453200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7453200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7453200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7453200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       120958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       120958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       120958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       120958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       120958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 225854.545455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 225854.545455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 225854.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 225854.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 225854.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 225854.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6422196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6422196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6422196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6422196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6422196                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6422196                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 229364.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 229364.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 229364.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 229364.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 229364.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 229364.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  405                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              112794581                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  661                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             170642.331316                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   158.716801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    97.283199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.619988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.380012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        81871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         81871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        68279                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        68279                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       150150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         150150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       150150                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        150150                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1323                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1323                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1337                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1337                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1337                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1337                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    161111452                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    161111452                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1213876                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1213876                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    162325328                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    162325328                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    162325328                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    162325328                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        83194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        68293                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        68293                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       151487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       151487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000205                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 121777.363568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121777.363568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 86705.428571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86705.428571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 121410.118175                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121410.118175                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 121410.118175                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121410.118175                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total              83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          932                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          932                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          405                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          405                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     42166334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42166334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       205936                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       205936                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     42372270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42372270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     42372270                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42372270                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004832                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004832                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104891.378109                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104891.378109                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 68645.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68645.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104622.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104622.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104622.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104622.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              556.548143                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              765694067                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1374675.165171                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    13.548143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.021712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       118050                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        118050                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       118050                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         118050                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       118050                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        118050                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2663906                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2663906                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2663906                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2663906                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2663906                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2663906                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       118066                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       118066                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       118066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       118066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       118066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       118066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 166494.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166494.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 166494.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166494.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 166494.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166494.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2335834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2335834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2335834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2335834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2335834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2335834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 166845.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166845.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 166845.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166845.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 166845.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166845.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  785                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              287983190                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 1041                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             276640.912584                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   102.429915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   153.570085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.400117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.599883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       299684                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        299684                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       163673                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       163673                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       463357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         463357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       463357                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        463357                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2827                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2827                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         2827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2827                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         2827                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    344375226                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    344375226                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    344375226                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    344375226                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    344375226                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    344375226                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       302511                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       302511                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       163673                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       163673                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       466184                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       466184                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       466184                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       466184                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 121816.493102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121816.493102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 121816.493102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121816.493102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 121816.493102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121816.493102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          116                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             116                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2042                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2042                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          785                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          785                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     89130545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89130545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     89130545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     89130545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     89130545                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     89130545                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 113542.095541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113542.095541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 113542.095541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113542.095541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 113542.095541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113542.095541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              501.512199                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              750409144                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1494838.932271                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    12.512199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.020052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       116694                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116694                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       116694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         116694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       116694                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        116694                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2766958                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2766958                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2766958                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2766958                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2766958                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2766958                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       116710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       116710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       116710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       116710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       116710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 172934.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172934.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 172934.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172934.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 172934.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172934.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2490968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2490968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2490968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2490968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2490968                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2490968                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 191612.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 191612.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 191612.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 191612.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 191612.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 191612.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 1044                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              125071634                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 1300                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             96208.949231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   184.864359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    71.135641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.722126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.277874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        88420                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         88420                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        71452                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71452                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          144                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          144                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          142                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          142                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       159872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         159872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       159872                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        159872                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          341                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          341                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         2722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2722                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         2722                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    318965417                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    318965417                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     64059645                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     64059645                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    383025062                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    383025062                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    383025062                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    383025062                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        90801                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90801                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        71793                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71793                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          144                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          144                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          142                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          142                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       162594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       162594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       162594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       162594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.026222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004750                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004750                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.016741                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016741                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.016741                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016741                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 133962.795884                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 133962.795884                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 187858.196481                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 187858.196481                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 140714.570904                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 140714.570904                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 140714.570904                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 140714.570904                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          486                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             486                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          294                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          294                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1678                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1678                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           47                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           47                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1044                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1044                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    117252244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    117252244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      7833262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7833262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    125085506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    125085506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    125085506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    125085506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010980                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010980                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000655                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000655                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006421                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006421                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006421                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006421                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 117605.059178                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117605.059178                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 166665.148936                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166665.148936                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 119813.703065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119813.703065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 119813.703065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119813.703065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              501.530707                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              750409079                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1494838.802789                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    12.530707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.020081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       116629                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116629                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       116629                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         116629                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       116629                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        116629                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2543585                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2543585                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2543585                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2543585                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2543585                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2543585                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       116644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       116644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       116644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       116644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       116644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 169572.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169572.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 169572.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169572.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 169572.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169572.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2337568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2337568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2337568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2337568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2337568                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2337568                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 179812.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179812.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 179812.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179812.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 179812.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179812.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 1043                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              125071507                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 1299                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             96282.915319                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   183.866740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    72.133260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.718229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.281771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        88229                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         88229                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        71515                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71515                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          145                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          145                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          142                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          142                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       159744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         159744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       159744                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        159744                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2328                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2328                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          369                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          369                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         2697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2697                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         2697                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    311948690                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    311948690                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     64768450                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     64768450                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    376717140                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    376717140                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    376717140                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    376717140                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        90557                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90557                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        71884                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71884                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          145                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          145                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          142                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          142                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       162441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       162441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       162441                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       162441                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.025708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.016603                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016603                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.016603                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016603                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 133998.578179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 133998.578179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 175524.254743                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175524.254743                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 139680.066741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 139680.066741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 139680.066741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 139680.066741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          493                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             493                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          320                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          320                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1654                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1654                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           49                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           49                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1043                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1043                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    117388977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    117388977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      7703963                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7703963                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    125092940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    125092940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    125092940                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    125092940                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010977                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010977                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000682                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000682                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006421                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006421                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006421                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006421                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 118097.562374                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118097.562374                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 157223.734694                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157223.734694                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 119935.704698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119935.704698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 119935.704698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119935.704698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              472.686314                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              750130016                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1553064.215321                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    17.686314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.028343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.757510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       122049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       122049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         122049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       122049                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        122049                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6604003                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6604003                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6604003                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6604003                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6604003                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6604003                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       122088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       122088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       122088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       122088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       122088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 169333.410256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169333.410256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 169333.410256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169333.410256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 169333.410256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169333.410256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4910789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4910789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4910789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4910789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4910789                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4910789                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 175385.321429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175385.321429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 175385.321429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175385.321429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 175385.321429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175385.321429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  342                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              108893119                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  598                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             182095.516722                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   116.789072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   139.210928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.456207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.543793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        96154                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         96154                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        70486                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70486                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       166640                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         166640                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       166640                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        166640                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          853                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          853                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total          865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          865                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total          865                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     91257469                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91257469                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1017328                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1017328                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     92274797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     92274797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     92274797                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     92274797                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        97007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        70498                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70498                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       167505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       167505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       167505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       167505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008793                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008793                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005164                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005164                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005164                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005164                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106984.137163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106984.137163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 84777.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84777.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106676.065896                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106676.065896                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106676.065896                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106676.065896                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           73                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total              73                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          523                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          523                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     33758578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33758578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       232596                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       232596                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     33991174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     33991174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     33991174                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     33991174                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003495                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003495                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002042                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002042                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002042                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002042                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 99582.825959                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99582.825959                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        77532                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        77532                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 99389.397661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99389.397661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 99389.397661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99389.397661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              496.616702                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              747247339                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1503515.772636                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    14.616702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.023424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       120062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       120062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         120062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       120062                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        120062                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2905775                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2905775                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2905775                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2905775                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2905775                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2905775                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       120081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       120081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       120081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       120081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       120081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152935.526316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152935.526316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152935.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 152935.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152935.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 152935.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2292357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2292357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2292357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2292357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2292357                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2292357                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152823.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 152823.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152823.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 152823.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152823.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 152823.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  485                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              117749263                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  741                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             158905.887989                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   160.099244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    95.900756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.625388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.374612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        82785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         82785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        69431                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        69431                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       152216                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         152216                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       152216                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        152216                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1680                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1680                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1748                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         1748                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1748                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         1748                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    203313357                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    203313357                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      6653168                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6653168                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    209966525                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    209966525                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    209966525                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    209966525                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        84465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        69499                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        69499                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       153964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       153964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       153964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       153964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.019890                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019890                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000978                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000978                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 121019.855357                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121019.855357                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 97840.705882                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97840.705882                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 120118.149314                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120118.149314                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 120118.149314                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120118.149314                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          162                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             162                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1263                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1263                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     48677525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48677525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     48677525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48677525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     48677525                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48677525                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 100366.030928                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100366.030928                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 100366.030928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100366.030928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 100366.030928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100366.030928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              501.530849                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              750409237                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1494839.117530                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    12.530849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.020081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       116787                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116787                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       116787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         116787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       116787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        116787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2565961                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2565961                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2565961                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2565961                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2565961                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2565961                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       116802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       116802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       116802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       116802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       116802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 171064.066667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171064.066667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 171064.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171064.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 171064.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171064.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2309562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2309562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2309562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2309562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2309562                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2309562                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 177658.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177658.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 177658.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177658.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 177658.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177658.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 1041                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              125071251                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 1297                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             96431.188126                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   184.845223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    71.154777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.722052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.277948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        88166                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         88166                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        71322                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71322                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          145                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          145                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          142                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          142                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       159488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         159488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       159488                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        159488                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2320                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2320                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          384                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          384                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         2704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2704                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         2704                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    310092750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    310092750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     67739611                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     67739611                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    377832361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    377832361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    377832361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    377832361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        90486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        71706                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71706                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          145                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          145                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          142                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          142                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       162192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       162192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       162192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       162192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.025639                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025639                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005355                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005355                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.016672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.016672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 133660.668103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 133660.668103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 176405.236979                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176405.236979                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 139730.902737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 139730.902737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 139730.902737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 139730.902737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          489                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             489                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          333                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          333                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1663                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1663                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1041                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1041                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    116391627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    116391627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      8167816                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8167816                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    124559443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    124559443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    124559443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    124559443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010941                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010941                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000711                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000711                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006418                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006418                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006418                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006418                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 117567.300000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117567.300000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 160153.254902                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160153.254902                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 119653.643612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119653.643612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 119653.643612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119653.643612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              472.692524                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              750129983                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1553064.146998                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    17.692524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.028353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.757520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       122016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        122016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       122016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         122016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       122016                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        122016                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6647244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6647244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6647244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6647244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6647244                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6647244                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       122055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       122055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       122055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       122055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       122055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 170442.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170442.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 170442.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170442.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 170442.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170442.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4882417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4882417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4882417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4882417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4882417                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4882417                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 174372.035714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174372.035714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 174372.035714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174372.035714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 174372.035714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174372.035714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  342                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              108893298                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  598                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             182095.816054                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   116.852769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   139.147231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.456456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.543544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        96286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         96286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        70533                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70533                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       166819                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         166819                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       166819                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        166819                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total          857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          857                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total          857                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     89905270                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     89905270                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1277211                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1277211                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     91182481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     91182481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     91182481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     91182481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        97131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        70545                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70545                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       167676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       167676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       167676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       167676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008700                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008700                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106396.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106396.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106434.250000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106434.250000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106397.294049                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106397.294049                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106397.294049                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106397.294049                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           73                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              73                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     33660790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33660790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       268906                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       268906                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     33929696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     33929696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     33929696                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     33929696                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003490                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003490                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 99294.365782                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99294.365782                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 89635.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89635.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 99209.637427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99209.637427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 99209.637427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99209.637427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              503.385560                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              746682485                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1481512.867063                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    28.385560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.045490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.806708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       120947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       120947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         120947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       120947                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        120947                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7550375                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7550375                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7550375                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7550375                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7550375                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7550375                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       120982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       120982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       120982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       120982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       120982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000289                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000289                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000289                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000289                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000289                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000289                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       215725                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       215725                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       215725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       215725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       215725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       215725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6208872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6208872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6208872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6208872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6208872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6208872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 214099.034483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 214099.034483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 214099.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 214099.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 214099.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 214099.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  403                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              112794527                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  659                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             171160.132018                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   158.510734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    97.489266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.619183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.380817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        81815                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         81815                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        68265                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        68265                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          165                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          165                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       150080                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         150080                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       150080                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        150080                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1314                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1314                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1332                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1332                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    158341970                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    158341970                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1521243                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1521243                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    159863213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    159863213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    159863213                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    159863213                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        83129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        68283                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        68283                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          165                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          165                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       151412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       151412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.015807                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015807                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000264                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008797                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008797                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 120503.782344                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120503.782344                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 84513.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84513.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 120017.427177                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120017.427177                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 120017.427177                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120017.427177                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total              83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          929                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          929                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     41366387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41366387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       235282                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       235282                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     41601669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41601669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     41601669                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41601669                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103415.967500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103415.967500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 78427.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78427.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103229.947891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103229.947891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103229.947891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103229.947891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              556.328627                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              765693907                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1374674.877917                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    13.328627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.021360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       117890                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        117890                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       117890                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         117890                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       117890                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        117890                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2630793                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2630793                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2630793                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2630793                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2630793                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2630793                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       117906                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       117906                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       117906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       117906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       117906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       117906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 164424.562500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164424.562500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 164424.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164424.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 164424.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164424.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2266749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2266749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2266749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2266749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2266749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2266749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 161910.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161910.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 161910.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161910.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 161910.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161910.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  787                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              287984761                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 1043                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             276111.947267                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   102.381149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   153.618851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.399926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.600074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       300770                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        300770                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       164156                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       164156                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       464926                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         464926                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       464926                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        464926                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2847                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2847                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2847                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         2847                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2847                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         2847                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    346610929                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    346610929                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    346610929                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    346610929                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    346610929                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    346610929                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       303617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       303617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       164156                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       164156                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       467773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       467773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       467773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       467773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 121746.023534                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121746.023534                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 121746.023534                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121746.023534                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 121746.023534                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121746.023534                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          109                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             109                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2060                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2060                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     89424953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89424953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     89424953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     89424953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     89424953                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     89424953                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 113627.640407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113627.640407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 113627.640407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113627.640407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 113627.640407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113627.640407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              538.305014                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              643368417                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1193633.426716                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    12.305014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.019720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       121381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       121381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         121381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       121381                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        121381                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2944538                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2944538                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2944538                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2944538                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2944538                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2944538                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       121395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       121395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       121395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       121395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       121395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 210324.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 210324.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 210324.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 210324.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 210324.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 210324.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2504430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2504430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2504430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2504430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2504430                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2504430                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 192648.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192648.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 192648.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192648.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 192648.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192648.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  490                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              150643126                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  746                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             201934.485255                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   144.883490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   111.116510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.565951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.434049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       165450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        165450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        37568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        37568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       203018                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         203018                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       203018                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        203018                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1722                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1722                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         1722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1722                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         1722                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    185912904                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    185912904                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    185912904                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    185912904                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    185912904                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    185912904                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       167172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       167172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        37568                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        37568                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       204740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       204740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       204740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       204740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.010301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008411                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008411                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008411                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008411                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107963.358885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107963.358885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107963.358885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107963.358885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107963.358885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107963.358885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           48                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total              48                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1232                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1232                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     50469049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50469049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     50469049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     50469049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     50469049                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     50469049                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002931                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002931                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 102998.059184                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102998.059184                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 102998.059184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102998.059184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 102998.059184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102998.059184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              496.616224                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              747247462                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1503516.020121                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    14.616224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.023423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       120185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       120185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         120185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       120185                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        120185                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3065269                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3065269                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3065269                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3065269                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3065269                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3065269                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       120204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       120204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       120204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       120204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       120204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 161329.947368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161329.947368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 161329.947368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161329.947368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 161329.947368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161329.947368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2413176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2413176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2413176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2413176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2413176                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2413176                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 160878.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160878.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 160878.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160878.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 160878.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160878.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  490                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              117749482                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  746                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             157841.128686                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   160.124686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    95.875314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.625487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.374513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        82945                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         82945                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        69492                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        69492                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          176                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          176                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       152437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         152437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       152437                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        152437                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1675                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1675                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1743                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         1743                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1743                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         1743                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    200098627                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    200098627                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      7993373                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7993373                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    208092000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    208092000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    208092000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    208092000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        84620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        69560                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        69560                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          176                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          176                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       154180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       154180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       154180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       154180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.019794                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019794                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000978                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000978                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 119461.866866                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119461.866866                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 117549.602941                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117549.602941                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 119387.263339                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119387.263339                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 119387.263339                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119387.263339                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          173                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             173                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1253                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1253                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     47961723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47961723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       171075                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       171075                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     48132798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48132798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     48132798                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48132798                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 98081.233129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98081.233129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       171075                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       171075                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 98230.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98230.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 98230.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98230.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              503.364563                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              746682572                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1481513.039683                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    28.364563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.045456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.806674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       121034                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121034                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       121034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         121034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       121034                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        121034                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7738954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7738954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7738954                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7738954                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7738954                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7738954                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       121067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       121067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       121067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       121067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       121067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 234513.757576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 234513.757576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 234513.757576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 234513.757576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 234513.757576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 234513.757576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6805708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6805708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6805708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6805708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6805708                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6805708                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 234679.586207                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 234679.586207                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 234679.586207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 234679.586207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 234679.586207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 234679.586207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  404                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              112794032                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  660                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             170900.048485                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   158.214663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    97.785337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.618026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.381974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        81538                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         81538                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        68047                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        68047                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          165                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          165                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       149585                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         149585                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       149585                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        149585                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1315                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         1315                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1315                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         1315                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    159060247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    159060247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1312202                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1312202                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    160372449                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    160372449                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    160372449                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    160372449                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        82838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        68062                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        68062                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          165                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          165                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       150900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       150900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       150900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       150900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.015693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000220                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 122354.036154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122354.036154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 87480.133333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87480.133333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 121956.234981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121956.234981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 121956.234981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121956.234981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total              83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          911                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          911                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     41906249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41906249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       216930                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       216930                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     42123179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42123179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     42123179                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42123179                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004841                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004841                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104504.361596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104504.361596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        72310                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        72310                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104265.294554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104265.294554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104265.294554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104265.294554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
