
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001128                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1128031704                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               400624746102                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 403644                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   512268                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  37651                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67741408                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 29960.26                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 12093280381                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15347669614                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        14976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        11008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        32768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        19200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        14976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        14976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        11008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        19200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        19200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        19200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        32768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        14720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        11008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        32768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        11008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        68736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               390528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           43008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       172416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            172416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data           86                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          117                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          117                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data           86                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          115                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data           86                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data           86                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          537                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  3051                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1347                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1347                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3063744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     13276223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      2950272                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data      9758591                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1588608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     29048829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1588608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     17020798                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3063744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     13276223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3063744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     13276223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2950272                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data      9758591                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1588608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     17020798                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1588608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     17020798                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1588608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     17020798                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1588608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     29048829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      3063744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     13049279                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2950272                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data      9758591                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1588608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     29048829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2836800                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data      9758591                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3063744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     60934458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               346203035                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3063744                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      2950272                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1588608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1588608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3063744                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3063744                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2950272                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1588608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1588608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1588608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1588608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      3063744                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2950272                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1588608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2836800                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3063744                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           38126588                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         152846768                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              152846768                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         152846768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      3063744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     13276223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      2950272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data      9758591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1588608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     29048829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      1588608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     17020798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      3063744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     13276223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      3063744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     13276223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      2950272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data      9758591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      1588608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     17020798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      1588608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     17020798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      1588608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     17020798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      1588608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     29048829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      3063744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     13049279                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      2950272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data      9758591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      1588608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     29048829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      2836800                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data      9758591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      3063744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     60934458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              499049803                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         210690                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172558                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21976                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86427                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80773                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21243                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1006                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2011514                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1178591                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            210690                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       102016                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              244796                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         61078                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       115293                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles          640                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          124474                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21813                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2411080                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600632                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940709                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2166284     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          11230      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          17825      0.74%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          23879      0.99%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          25123      1.04%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          21391      0.89%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          11493      0.48%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          17591      0.73%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         116264      4.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2411080                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077886                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.435690                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1991681                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       136251                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          244135                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          395                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        38616                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        34332                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1444721                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1257                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        38616                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1997669                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         15898                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       107328                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          238522                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        13043                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1443017                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         1786                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         5701                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2014017                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6710241                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6710241                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1715223                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         298783                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          347                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          178                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           40504                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       136070                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        72363                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads          809                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        27284                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1439616                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          349                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1356974                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          338                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       177271                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       431350                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2411080                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.562808                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.252021                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1829521     75.88%     75.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       245410     10.18%     86.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122608      5.09%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86451      3.59%     94.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69333      2.88%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28840      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18198      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9477      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1242      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2411080                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           310     12.77%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead          887     36.55%     49.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1230     50.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1141483     84.12%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20236      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          168      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       123081      9.07%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        72006      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1356974                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.501633                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2427                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001789                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5127792                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1617250                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1334937                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1359401                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2936                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24619                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1467                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        38616                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         12912                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1151                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1439971                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          652                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       136070                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72363                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          179                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          968                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12082                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12932                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        25014                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1337075                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       115700                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19898                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             187684                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         189544                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            71984                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.494277                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1335028                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1334937                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          767690                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2069518                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.493487                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.370951                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1230442                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       209535                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          341                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        22032                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2372464                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518635                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352008                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1860346     78.41%     78.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       257252     10.84%     89.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93960      3.96%     93.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        45024      1.90%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42288      1.78%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22082      0.93%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16500      0.70%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8460      0.36%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26552      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2372464                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1230442                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               182347                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              111451                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           177388                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1108626                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        25333                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        26552                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3785876                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2918581                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 32161                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                294033                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1230442                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.705113                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.705113                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.369670                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.369670                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6016422                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1861080                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1338479                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         234677                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       195552                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23100                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        91094                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83475                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24691                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1053                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2031122                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1286659                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            234677                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       108166                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              267201                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         65383                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       174096                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1706                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          131                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          127851                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22045                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2516323                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628836                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.996519                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2249122     89.38%     89.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          16189      0.64%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          20443      0.81%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          32754      1.30%     92.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          13340      0.53%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          17415      0.69%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          20193      0.80%     94.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7           9512      0.38%     94.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         137355      5.46%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2516323                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.086753                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.475640                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        2021063                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       187356                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          265889                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          159                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        41850                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        35400                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1571862                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1296                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        41850                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        2023574                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles          6396                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       174864                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          263499                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles         6134                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1561844                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents          857                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         4174                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      2182551                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      7257871                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      7257871                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1789170                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         393343                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          371                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          193                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           22584                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       147857                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        75279                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads          881                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        17077                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1522822                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          374                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1448914                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2041                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       207196                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       438081                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2516323                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575806                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301378                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1903949     75.66%     75.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       278283     11.06%     86.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114082      4.53%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64662      2.57%     93.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        86076      3.42%     97.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27478      1.09%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26882      1.07%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13793      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1118      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2516323                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10209     78.88%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1422     10.99%     89.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1312     10.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1220949     84.27%     84.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19556      1.35%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          177      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       133272      9.20%     94.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74960      5.17%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1448914                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.535621                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12943                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008933                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5429129                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1730412                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1408775                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1461857                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1150                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31576                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1421                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        41850                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles          4779                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles          647                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1523197                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          928                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       147857                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75279                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          194                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          578                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12973                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13327                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        26300                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1422056                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130488                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26852                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             205424                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         200464                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            74936                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.525692                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1408809                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1408775                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          843661                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         2268848                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.520782                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.371846                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1040712                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1282277                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       240906                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          361                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        23086                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2474472                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518202                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.336010                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1931372     78.05%     78.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       275651     11.14%     89.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        99841      4.03%     93.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49507      2.00%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45374      1.83%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19220      0.78%     97.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19071      0.77%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9087      0.37%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25349      1.02%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2474472                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      1040712                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1282277                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               190136                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              116278                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               180                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           185816                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1154474                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        26456                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        25349                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3972293                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           3088244                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 32943                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                188790                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           1040712                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1282277                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      1040712                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.599291                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.599291                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.384720                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.384720                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        6395879                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1971231                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1451645                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          360                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         192779                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173611                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11860                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        75271                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          67025                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10467                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          511                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2028033                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1211673                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            192779                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches        77492                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              238781                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         37400                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       211042                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          118004                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11769                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2503132                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.568474                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.882534                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2264351     90.46%     90.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1           8213      0.33%     90.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          17669      0.71%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3           7023      0.28%     91.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          39032      1.56%     93.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          34983      1.40%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           6669      0.27%     95.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          14247      0.57%     95.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         110945      4.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2503132                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.071265                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.447920                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2008860                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       230590                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          237837                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          741                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        25098                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        17067                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          178                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1420276                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        25098                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2012006                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        204393                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        16455                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          235573                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         9601                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1418715                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         4545                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         3376                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents            4                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1673600                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      6676964                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      6676964                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1450469                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         223119                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          169                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts           89                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           23969                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       331657                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       166721                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1519                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores         8157                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1414125                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          169                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1349562                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          961                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       127813                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       310605                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2503132                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.539149                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.331297                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2019474     80.68%     80.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       146944      5.87%     86.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119492      4.77%     91.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        51650      2.06%     93.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64928      2.59%     95.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        61190      2.44%     98.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        34889      1.39%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2832      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1733      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2503132                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3371     11.27%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        25774     86.19%     97.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          760      2.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       850210     63.00%     63.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11764      0.87%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       321364     23.81%     87.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       166144     12.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1349562                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.498893                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29905                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022159                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5233122                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1542159                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1336350                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1379467                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2396                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15693                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           52                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1526                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          117                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        25098                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        197858                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2238                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1414294                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           16                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       331657                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       166721                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           89                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1410                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           52                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6191                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7410                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        13601                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1338792                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       320234                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10770                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             486346                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         175106                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           166112                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.494912                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1336464                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1336350                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          723212                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1430757                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.494009                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.505475                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1076729                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1265262                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       149147                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          160                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        11910                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2478034                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.510591                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.329371                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2017115     81.40%     81.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       169632      6.85%     88.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        79109      3.19%     91.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        77959      3.15%     94.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21034      0.85%     95.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89102      3.60%     99.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6900      0.28%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4975      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12208      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2478034                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1076729                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1265262                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               481152                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              315957                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars                80                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           167078                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1125122                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        12254                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        12208                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3880235                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2853940                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 44879                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                201981                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1076729                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1265262                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1076729                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.512343                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.512343                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.398035                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.398035                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        6611736                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1556930                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1683485                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         201295                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       165019                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21515                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        81065                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76330                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20367                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          944                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1925035                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1150220                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            201295                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches        96697                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              251355                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         62097                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       179747                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          120307                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21336                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2396314                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.587731                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.929741                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2144959     89.51%     89.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          26667      1.11%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          31005      1.29%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          16943      0.71%     92.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          19236      0.80%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          11082      0.46%     93.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6           7547      0.31%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          19754      0.82%     95.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         119121      4.97%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2396314                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.074413                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.425202                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        1909222                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       196136                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          249133                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         1989                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        39829                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        32569                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          349                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1403912                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1928                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        39829                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        1912688                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         18387                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       168971                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          247624                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         8810                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1402003                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         1723                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         4328                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      1950877                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      6526661                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      6526661                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1630346                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         320522                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          362                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          203                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           26153                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       134714                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        71922                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1685                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        15788                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1397663                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          361                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1310689                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1910                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       195724                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       457369                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           45                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2396314                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.546960                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.242091                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1845566     77.02%     77.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       220537      9.20%     86.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119245      4.98%     91.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82456      3.44%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        72228      3.01%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        36899      1.54%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9151      0.38%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5875      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4357      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2396314                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           323     10.71%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1392     46.14%     56.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1302     43.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1097731     83.75%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20431      1.56%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          159      0.01%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       121109      9.24%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71259      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1310689                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.484523                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3017                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002302                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5022619                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1593785                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1286220                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1313706                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3122                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26857                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           37                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2164                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           79                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           74                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        39829                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         14194                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1050                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1398025                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          292                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       134714                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        71922                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          203                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          724                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           37                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11825                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12562                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        24387                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1289130                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       113119                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21559                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             184340                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         179454                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            71221                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.476553                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1286312                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1286220                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          765671                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2008483                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.475477                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.381219                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts       957165                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1174194                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       223841                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          316                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        21476                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2356485                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.498282                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.313530                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1876560     79.63%     79.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       222706      9.45%     89.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93698      3.98%     93.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55405      2.35%     95.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38602      1.64%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25191      1.07%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13346      0.57%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10378      0.44%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20599      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2356485                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts       957165                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1174194                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               177615                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              107857                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               158                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           168046                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1058580                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        23880                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        20599                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3733921                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2835909                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 31464                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                308799                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts            957165                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1174194                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total       957165                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.826172                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.826172                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.353835                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.353835                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        5812402                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1788832                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1307470                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          316                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2705107                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         210431                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172338                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21948                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86322                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80671                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21208                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1005                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2008699                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1177044                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            210431                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       101879                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              244475                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         61002                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       112427                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.MiscStallCycles          640                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          124308                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21785                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2405030                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601336                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941724                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2160555     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          11211      0.47%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          17812      0.74%     91.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          23845      0.99%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          25102      1.04%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          21364      0.89%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          11464      0.48%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          17566      0.73%     95.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         116111      4.83%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2405030                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077790                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.435119                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        1988876                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       133376                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          243810                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          398                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        38568                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        34293                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1442780                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1257                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        38568                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        1994859                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         14325                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       106051                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          238203                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        13020                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1441032                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         1780                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         5692                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      2011271                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      6700870                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      6700870                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1712811                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         298460                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          347                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          178                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           40491                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       135873                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        72241                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads          807                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        27213                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1437603                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          349                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1355033                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          343                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       177046                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       430907                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2405030                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.563416                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.252507                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1824279     75.85%     75.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       245059     10.19%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122472      5.09%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86329      3.59%     94.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69213      2.88%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28797      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18201      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9440      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1240      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2405030                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           310     12.78%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead          888     36.60%     49.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1228     50.62%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1139898     84.12%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20189      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          168      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       122890      9.07%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71888      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1355033                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.500917                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2426                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001790                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5117865                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1615012                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1333040                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1357459                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2928                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24589                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1463                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        38568                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         11365                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1151                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1437958                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          652                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       135873                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72241                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          179                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          967                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12063                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12919                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        24982                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1335177                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       115529                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19856                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             187395                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         189304                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            71866                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.493576                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1333131                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1333040                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          766579                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2066533                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.492786                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.370949                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts       998601                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1228684                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       209285                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          341                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        22004                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2366462                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.519207                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352610                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1855047     78.39%     78.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       256906     10.86%     89.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93835      3.97%     93.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44971      1.90%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42234      1.78%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22037      0.93%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16468      0.70%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8446      0.36%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26518      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2366462                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts       998601                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1228684                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               182062                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              111284                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           177164                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1107014                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        25291                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        26518                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3777900                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2914512                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 32118                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                300077                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts            998601                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1228684                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total       998601                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.708897                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.708897                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.369154                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.369154                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        6007749                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1858455                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1336671                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         210661                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172535                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21972                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86419                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80759                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21236                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1006                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2011111                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1178469                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            210661                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       101995                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              244768                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         61077                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       108142                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          124452                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21808                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2402849                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.602632                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.943641                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2158081     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          11227      0.47%     90.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          17825      0.74%     91.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          23870      0.99%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          25126      1.05%     93.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          21385      0.89%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          11488      0.48%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          17587      0.73%     95.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         116260      4.84%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2402849                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.077875                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.435645                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        1990627                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       129102                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          244100                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          399                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        38619                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        34326                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1444567                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1257                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        38619                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        1996616                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         14390                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       101697                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          238488                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        13035                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1442823                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         1782                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         5699                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      2013740                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      6709336                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      6709336                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1714868                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         298866                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          347                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          178                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           40533                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       136061                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        72349                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          809                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        27274                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1439386                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          349                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1356697                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          339                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       177303                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       431568                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2402849                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.564620                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.253711                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1821458     75.80%     75.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       245324     10.21%     86.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122578      5.10%     91.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86414      3.60%     94.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69279      2.88%     97.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28871      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18216      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9464      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1245      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2402849                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           310     12.75%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead          888     36.51%     49.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1234     50.74%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1141245     84.12%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20229      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          168      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       123063      9.07%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71992      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1356697                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.501531                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2432                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001793                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5119014                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1617052                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1334667                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1359129                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2936                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24628                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1467                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        38619                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         11392                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1161                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1439741                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          652                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       136061                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72349                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          179                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          977                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12079                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12930                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        25009                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1336808                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       115682                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19889                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             187652                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         189506                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            71970                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.494178                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1334758                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1334667                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          767537                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         2069109                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.493387                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.370950                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       999798                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1230189                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       209557                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          341                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        22028                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2364230                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520334                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.353980                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1852259     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       257169     10.88%     89.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93937      3.97%     93.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44986      1.90%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42294      1.79%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22077      0.93%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16491      0.70%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8455      0.36%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26562      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2364230                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       999798                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1230189                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               182311                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              111429                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           177352                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1108397                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        25327                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        26562                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3777401                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2918123                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 32157                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                302264                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            999798                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1230189                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       999798                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.705660                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.705660                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.369596                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.369596                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        6015222                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1860700                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1338328                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         234480                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       195379                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23083                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        91027                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83410                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24672                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1053                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2029435                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1285495                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            234480                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       108082                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              266978                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         65342                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       173193                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles         5261                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           95                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          127750                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22035                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2517005                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628109                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.995462                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2250027     89.39%     89.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          16186      0.64%     90.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          20432      0.81%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          32719      1.30%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          13328      0.53%     92.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          17403      0.69%     93.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          20178      0.80%     94.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7           9505      0.38%     94.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         137227      5.45%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2517005                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.086680                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.475209                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        2022892                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       186455                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          265667                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          159                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        41826                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        35375                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1570489                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1296                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        41826                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        2025405                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles          6399                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       173963                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          263270                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles         6136                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1560489                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents          857                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         4172                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      2180636                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      7251559                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      7251559                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1787474                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         393150                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          371                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          193                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           22629                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       147744                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        75211                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads          881                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        17050                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1521457                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          374                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1447573                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2039                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       207095                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       437985                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2517005                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575117                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300737                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1905178     75.69%     75.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       278038     11.05%     86.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       113990      4.53%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64621      2.57%     93.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        85973      3.42%     97.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27450      1.09%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26855      1.07%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13780      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1120      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2517005                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10199     78.85%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1423     11.00%     89.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1312     10.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1219816     84.27%     84.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19520      1.35%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          177      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       133168      9.20%     94.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74892      5.17%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1447573                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.535125                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12934                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008935                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5427123                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1728946                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1407466                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1460507                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1150                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31567                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1421                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        41826                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles          4778                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles          647                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1521832                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          928                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       147744                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75211                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          194                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          578                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12967                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13314                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        26281                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1420747                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130384                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26825                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             205252                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         200293                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            74868                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.525208                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1407500                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1407466                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          842871                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         2266816                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.520298                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.371830                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1039724                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1281056                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       240771                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          361                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        23068                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2475179                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517561                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.335285                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1932576     78.08%     78.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       275404     11.13%     89.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        99753      4.03%     93.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49465      2.00%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45336      1.83%     97.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19196      0.78%     97.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19046      0.77%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9073      0.37%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25330      1.02%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2475179                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      1039724                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1281056                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               189961                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              116171                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               180                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           185653                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1153363                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        26429                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        25330                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3971663                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           3085498                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 32923                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                188108                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           1039724                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1281056                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      1039724                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.601761                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.601761                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.384355                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.384355                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        6389920                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1969396                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1450333                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          360                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         200431                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164348                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21407                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80632                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          75917                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20254                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          939                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1917345                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1145760                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            200431                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches        96171                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              250239                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         61976                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       190686                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          119874                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21329                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2398335                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584785                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.925414                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2148096     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          26526      1.11%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          30831      1.29%     91.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          16850      0.70%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          19140      0.80%     93.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          11022      0.46%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6           7607      0.32%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          19644      0.82%     95.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         118619      4.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2398335                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.074093                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.423553                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        1901309                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       207296                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          248034                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         1973                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        39718                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        32396                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          348                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1398045                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1927                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        39718                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        1904752                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         21679                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       176783                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          246432                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         8966                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1396136                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         1723                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         4408                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1942249                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      6498226                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      6498226                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1622082                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         320151                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          361                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          203                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           26630                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       134202                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        71553                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1680                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        15701                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1391218                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          361                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1304333                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1905                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       195440                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       456995                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           45                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2398335                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.543849                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.239213                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1850262     77.15%     77.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       219483      9.15%     86.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       118618      4.95%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82041      3.42%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        71942      3.00%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        36719      1.53%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9095      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5842      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4333      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2398335                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           323     10.77%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1384     46.13%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1293     43.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1092379     83.75%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20334      1.56%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          158      0.01%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       120572      9.24%     94.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        70890      5.43%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1304333                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.482173                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3000                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002300                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5011904                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1587056                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1279902                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1307333                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3110                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26911                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           37                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2160                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           79                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          173                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        39718                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         17294                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1043                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1391580                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          684                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       134202                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        71553                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          203                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          718                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           37                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11771                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12494                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        24265                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1282895                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       112630                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21436                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             183482                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         178510                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            70852                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.474248                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1279991                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1279902                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          761919                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         1998298                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.473142                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.381284                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts       952339                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1168174                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       223407                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          316                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        21369                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2358617                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.495279                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.310117                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1881125     79.76%     79.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       221609      9.40%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93210      3.95%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55107      2.34%     95.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38406      1.63%     97.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25070      1.06%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13273      0.56%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10324      0.44%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20493      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2358617                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts       952339                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1168174                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               176684                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              107291                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               158                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           167159                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1053156                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        23746                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        20493                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3729705                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2822891                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 31301                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                306778                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts            952339                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1168174                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total       952339                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.840494                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.840494                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.352051                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.352051                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        5783793                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1780004                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1302195                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          316                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2704709                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         201991                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       165581                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21587                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        81336                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76594                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20450                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          948                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1931878                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1154122                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            201991                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        97044                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              252217                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         62293                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       176756                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          120729                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21409                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2401152                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.588555                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.930961                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2148935     89.50%     89.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          26761      1.11%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          31109      1.30%     91.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          17002      0.71%     92.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          19294      0.80%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          11124      0.46%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6           7576      0.32%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          19834      0.83%     95.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         119517      4.98%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2401152                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.074681                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.426708                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1916042                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       193168                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          249990                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         1994                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        39953                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        32686                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          349                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1408735                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1928                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        39953                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1919514                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         20897                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       163479                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          248481                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         8823                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1406822                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         1724                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         4336                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1957554                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      6549037                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      6549037                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1635998                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         321497                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          362                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          203                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           26189                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       135184                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        72170                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1686                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        15854                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1402489                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          361                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1315233                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1918                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       196313                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       458617                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           45                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2401152                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.547751                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.242844                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1848537     76.99%     76.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       221243      9.21%     86.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119658      4.98%     91.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82750      3.45%     94.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        72490      3.02%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        37024      1.54%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9179      0.38%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5898      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4373      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2401152                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           324     10.70%     10.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1398     46.18%     56.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1305     43.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1101547     83.75%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20504      1.56%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          159      0.01%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       121535      9.24%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71488      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1315233                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.486275                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3027                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002301                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5036563                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1599200                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1290661                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1318260                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3126                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26939                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           37                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2168                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           79                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           74                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        39953                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         16705                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1052                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1402851                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          292                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       135184                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72170                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          203                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          727                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           37                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11868                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12598                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        24466                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1293583                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       113510                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21650                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             184960                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         180089                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            71450                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.478271                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1290753                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1290661                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          768273                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         2015338                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.477190                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.381213                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts       960437                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1178269                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       224522                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          316                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        21548                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2361199                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.499013                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.314345                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1879618     79.60%     79.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       223453      9.46%     89.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        94039      3.98%     93.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55600      2.35%     95.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38731      1.64%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25281      1.07%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13396      0.57%     98.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10415      0.44%     99.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20666      0.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2361199                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts       960437                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1178269                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               178215                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              108232                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               158                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           168646                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1062260                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        23973                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        20666                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3743324                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2845610                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 31565                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                303557                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts            960437                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1178269                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total       960437                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.816123                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.816123                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.355098                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.355098                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        5832392                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1795012                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1311893                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          316                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         201382                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       165095                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21524                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        81094                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76359                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20375                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          944                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1925669                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1150555                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            201382                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches        96734                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              251439                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         62114                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       188193                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          120345                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21341                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2405489                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585675                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.926665                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2154050     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          26675      1.11%     90.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          31019      1.29%     91.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          16949      0.70%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          19245      0.80%     93.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          11087      0.46%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6           7547      0.31%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          19759      0.82%     95.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         119158      4.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2405489                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.074445                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.425326                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1909834                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       204600                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          249214                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1996                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        39840                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        32581                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          349                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1404385                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1928                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        39840                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        1913291                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         16903                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       178928                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          247721                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         8801                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1402520                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         1717                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         4331                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1951683                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      6529024                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      6529024                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1631026                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         320657                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          362                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          203                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           26127                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       134741                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        71920                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1692                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        15831                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1398199                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          361                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1311196                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1903                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       195774                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       457466                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           45                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2405489                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.545085                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.240386                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1854570     77.10%     77.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       220548      9.17%     86.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119297      4.96%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82526      3.43%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        72253      3.00%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        36905      1.53%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9152      0.38%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5877      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4361      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2405489                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           322     10.75%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1385     46.24%     56.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1288     43.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1098175     83.75%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20440      1.56%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          159      0.01%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       121143      9.24%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71279      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1311196                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.484710                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2995                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002284                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5032779                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1594366                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1286723                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1314191                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3131                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26846                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           32                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2138                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           79                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           74                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        39840                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         12709                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1050                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1398561                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          292                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       134741                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        71920                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          203                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          724                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           32                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11828                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12568                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        24396                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1289624                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       113145                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21572                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             184384                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         179527                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            71239                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.476736                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1286816                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1286723                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          765973                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         2009356                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.475663                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.381203                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts       957556                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1174672                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       223899                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          316                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        21485                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2365649                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.496554                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.311547                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1885527     79.70%     79.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       222794      9.42%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93733      3.96%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55439      2.34%     95.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38592      1.63%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25233      1.07%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13352      0.56%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10382      0.44%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20597      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2365649                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts       957556                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1174672                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               177677                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              107895                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               158                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           168119                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1059004                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        23889                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        20597                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3743623                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2836985                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 31471                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                299624                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            957556                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1174672                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total       957556                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.825018                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.825018                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.353980                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.353980                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        5814599                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1789573                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1307847                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          316                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         191983                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172792                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11823                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76625                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          66732                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10464                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          524                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2017437                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1206121                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            191983                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches        77196                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              237737                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         37357                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       211637                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          117404                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11723                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2492080                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.568475                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.882724                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2254343     90.46%     90.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1           8200      0.33%     90.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          17691      0.71%     91.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3           7026      0.28%     91.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          38711      1.55%     93.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          34764      1.39%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6           6569      0.26%     94.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          14262      0.57%     95.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         110514      4.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2492080                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.070970                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.445867                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        1995942                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       233522                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          236788                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          731                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        25091                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        17086                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          178                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1413854                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        25091                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        1999243                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        206485                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        17116                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          234458                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         9681                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1412140                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         4538                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         3435                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents           48                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1667599                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      6645619                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      6645619                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1444368                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         223225                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          168                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts           88                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           24638                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       328945                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       165404                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1513                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores         8156                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1407511                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          168                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1342573                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          959                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       128206                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       311985                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2492080                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.538736                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.328972                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2009349     80.63%     80.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       147295      5.91%     86.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119818      4.81%     91.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        51631      2.07%     93.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64457      2.59%     96.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        60520      2.43%     98.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        34452      1.38%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2855      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1703      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2492080                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3369     11.41%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        25381     85.98%     97.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          770      2.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       847311     63.11%     63.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11775      0.88%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       318591     23.73%     87.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       164816     12.28%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1342573                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.496309                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29520                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.021988                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5207705                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1535937                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1329543                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1372093                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2385                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15638                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           52                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1534                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          117                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        25091                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        199630                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2592                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1407679                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           16                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       328945                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       165404                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           88                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1586                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           52                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6140                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7401                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        13541                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1331898                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       317465                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10675                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             482244                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         174296                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           164779                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.492363                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1329657                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1329543                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          719942                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1427305                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.491493                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.504407                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1070890                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1258628                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       149143                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          160                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        11874                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2466989                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.510188                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.328788                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2007846     81.39%     81.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       169554      6.87%     88.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        78828      3.20%     91.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        77371      3.14%     94.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21299      0.86%     95.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        87965      3.57%     99.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6862      0.28%     99.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5000      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12264      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2466989                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1070890                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1258628                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               477169                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              313304                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars                80                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           166283                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1119283                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        12254                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        12264                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3862496                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2840655                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 44522                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                213033                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1070890                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1258628                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1070890                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.526042                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.526042                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.395876                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.395876                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        6574925                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1550535                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1673914                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         209025                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       171162                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22250                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84714                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80050                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21095                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1021                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2005559                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1170687                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            209025                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       101145                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              243049                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         61717                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       113542                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.MiscStallCycles          670                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          124375                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22095                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2402019                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598773                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.938353                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2158970     89.88%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          11313      0.47%     90.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          17581      0.73%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          23586      0.98%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          24977      1.04%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          21030      0.88%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          11341      0.47%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          17842      0.74%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         115379      4.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2402019                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077270                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.432768                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        1985783                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       134446                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          242418                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          392                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        38978                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        34096                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1434921                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1250                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        38978                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        1991632                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         13790                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       107801                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          236968                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        12846                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1433442                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         1718                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         5636                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      2000930                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      6664718                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      6664718                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1701456                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         299474                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          349                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          180                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           40535                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       135167                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        71798                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads          825                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        27797                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1430452                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          351                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1347809                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          310                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       177405                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       431588                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2402019                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.561115                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.250330                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1824469     75.96%     75.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       243345     10.13%     86.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       121932      5.08%     91.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86295      3.59%     94.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68901      2.87%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28251      1.18%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18203      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9346      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1277      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2402019                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           313     12.89%     12.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead          895     36.85%     49.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1221     50.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1134065     84.14%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20061      1.49%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          167      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       122080      9.06%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71436      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1347809                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.498245                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2429                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001802                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5100376                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1608224                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1325462                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1350238                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2669                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24608                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           17                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1477                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        38978                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         10772                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1176                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1430807                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           12                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       135167                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        71798                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          181                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          998                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           17                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12204                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13072                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        25276                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1327655                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       114785                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20154                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             186202                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         188036                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            71417                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.490795                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1325556                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1325462                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          762274                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         2054289                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.489984                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.371065                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       992020                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1220548                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       210272                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          341                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        22307                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2363041                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.516516                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.349772                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1855071     78.50%     78.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       255250     10.80%     89.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93253      3.95%     93.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44493      1.88%     95.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        41719      1.77%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22020      0.93%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16509      0.70%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8525      0.36%     98.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26201      1.11%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2363041                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       992020                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1220548                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               180880                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              110559                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           175958                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1099714                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        25123                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        26201                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3767647                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2900625                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 32315                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                303094                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            992020                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1220548                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       992020                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.726873                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.726873                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.366720                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.366720                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        5973233                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1848085                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1329252                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         235135                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       195904                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23137                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        91308                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83670                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24745                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1056                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2035312                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1288928                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            235135                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       108415                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              267708                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         65485                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       167543                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3240                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          131                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          128105                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22082                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2516066                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.630039                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.998173                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2248358     89.36%     89.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          16222      0.64%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          20490      0.81%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          32811      1.30%     92.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          13375      0.53%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          17461      0.69%     93.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          20236      0.80%     94.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7           9540      0.38%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         137573      5.47%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2516066                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.086922                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.476478                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        2026772                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       180819                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          266395                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          159                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        41915                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        35488                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1574720                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1296                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        41915                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        2029284                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles          6397                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       168325                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          264003                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         6136                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1564702                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents          857                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         4173                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      2186324                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      7271146                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      7271146                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1792381                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         393943                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          372                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          193                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           22595                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       148157                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        75452                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads          883                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        17101                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1525593                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          374                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1451593                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2044                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       207521                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       438689                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2516066                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576930                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302339                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1902520     75.61%     75.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       278828     11.08%     86.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114299      4.54%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64804      2.58%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        86235      3.43%     97.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27518      1.09%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26931      1.07%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13809      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1122      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2516066                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10226     78.86%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1426     11.00%     89.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1316     10.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1223161     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19572      1.35%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          178      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       133549      9.20%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75133      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1451593                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.536611                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12968                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008934                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5434264                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1733508                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1411400                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1464561                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1152                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31628                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1425                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        41915                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles          4779                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles          647                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1525968                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          928                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       148157                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75452                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          194                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          578                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12992                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13347                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        26339                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1424706                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130764                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26887                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             205873                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         200870                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            75109                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.526672                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1411434                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1411400                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          845148                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         2272923                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.521753                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.371833                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1042626                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1284705                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       241270                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          361                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        23122                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2474151                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.519251                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.337142                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1930013     78.01%     78.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       276177     11.16%     89.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       100033      4.04%     93.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49604      2.00%     95.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45472      1.84%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19256      0.78%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19094      0.77%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9098      0.37%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25404      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2474151                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1042626                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1284705                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               190556                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              116529                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               180                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           186194                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1156664                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        26517                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        25404                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3974709                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           3093871                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 33011                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                189047                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1042626                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1284705                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1042626                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.594519                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.594519                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.385428                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.385428                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        6407795                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1974672                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1454290                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          360                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         192625                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173441                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11880                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76763                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          66980                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10427                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          517                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2025927                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1210506                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            192625                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches        77407                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              238551                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         37429                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       208516                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          117884                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11776                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2498280                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.569042                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.883468                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2259729     90.45%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1           8214      0.33%     90.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          17682      0.71%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3           7008      0.28%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          38959      1.56%     93.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          34927      1.40%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6           6631      0.27%     94.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          14272      0.57%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         110858      4.44%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2498280                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.071208                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.447488                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2004863                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       229972                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          237589                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          742                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        25108                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        17082                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          178                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1418801                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        25108                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2008142                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        202464                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        17391                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          235237                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         9932                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1417068                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         4800                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         3449                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents            4                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1671940                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      6669298                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      6669298                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1449020                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         222908                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          168                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts           88                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           24856                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       330975                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       166385                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1561                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores         8151                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1412428                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          168                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1347750                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          961                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       127810                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       310853                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2498280                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.539471                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.331419                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2014867     80.65%     80.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       147166      5.89%     86.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119708      4.79%     91.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        51276      2.05%     93.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64676      2.59%     95.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        61177      2.45%     98.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        34841      1.39%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2847      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1722      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2498280                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3400     11.37%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        25728     86.07%     97.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          765      2.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       849445     63.03%     63.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11754      0.87%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       320652     23.79%     87.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       165819     12.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1347750                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.498223                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29893                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022180                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5224634                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1540458                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1334685                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1377643                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2389                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15641                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           52                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1505                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          117                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        25108                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        195407                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2483                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1412596                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           16                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       330975                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       166385                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           88                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1535                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           52                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6186                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7434                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        13620                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1337054                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       319493                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10696                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             485280                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         174934                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           165787                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.494269                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1334799                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1334685                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          722350                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1430642                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.493393                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.504913                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1075343                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1263687                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       149022                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          160                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        11929                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2473172                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.510958                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.330041                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2012885     81.39%     81.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       169408      6.85%     88.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        79072      3.20%     91.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        77664      3.14%     94.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21168      0.86%     95.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        88853      3.59%     99.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6904      0.28%     99.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4962      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12256      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2473172                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1075343                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1263687                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               480207                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              315327                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars                80                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           166889                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1123736                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        12254                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        12256                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3873625                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2850550                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 44916                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                206833                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1075343                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1263687                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1075343                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.515582                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.515582                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.397522                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.397522                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        6602671                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1555354                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1681321                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         235316                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196084                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23084                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        91412                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83748                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24797                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1042                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2037461                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1290514                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            235316                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       108545                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              267961                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         65373                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       168538                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4784                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           89                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          128171                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22036                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2520905                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.629644                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.997564                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2252944     89.37%     89.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          16132      0.64%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          20485      0.81%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          32808      1.30%     92.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          13436      0.53%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          17501      0.69%     93.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          20359      0.81%     94.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7           9576      0.38%     94.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         137664      5.46%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2520905                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.086989                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.477065                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        2030370                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       181869                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          266645                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          160                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        41855                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        35489                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1576807                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1292                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        41855                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        2032893                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles          6388                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       169338                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          264252                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles         6173                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1566784                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents          859                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         4204                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      2189236                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      7281685                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      7281685                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1795708                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         393523                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          372                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          193                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           22771                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       148417                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        75594                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads          874                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        17144                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1527792                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          374                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1453689                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2046                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       207277                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       439482                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2520905                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576654                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302089                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1906482     75.63%     75.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       279282     11.08%     86.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114353      4.54%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64814      2.57%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        86569      3.43%     97.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27587      1.09%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26797      1.06%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13902      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1119      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2520905                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10242     78.80%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1436     11.05%     89.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1319     10.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1224827     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19648      1.35%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          178      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       133777      9.20%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75259      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1453689                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.537386                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12997                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008941                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5443326                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1735463                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1413549                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1466686                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1123                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31689                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1440                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        41855                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles          4789                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles          665                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1528167                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          960                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       148417                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75594                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          194                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          591                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12963                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13316                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        26279                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1426848                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130966                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26841                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             206199                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         201113                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            75233                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.527463                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1413584                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1413549                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          846744                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         2277483                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.522547                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.371789                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1044543                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1287059                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       241112                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          361                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        23070                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2479050                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.519174                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.337113                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1933914     78.01%     78.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       276656     11.16%     89.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       100292      4.05%     93.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49664      2.00%     95.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45564      1.84%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19262      0.78%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19115      0.77%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9093      0.37%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25490      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2479050                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      1044543                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1287059                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               190882                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              116728                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               180                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           186535                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1158774                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        26563                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        25490                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3981718                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           3098204                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 32951                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                184208                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           1044543                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1287059                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      1044543                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.589757                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.589757                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.386137                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.386137                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        6417674                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1977568                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1456152                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          360                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2705075                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         148843                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       121239                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16303                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        60271                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          56179                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          14696                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          711                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1441150                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts               880527                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            148843                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches        70875                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              180387                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         51891                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       169615                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines           90515                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16230                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      1826132                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.587067                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.936295                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        1645745     90.12%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1           9449      0.52%     90.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          14897      0.82%     91.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          22383      1.23%     92.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4           9496      0.52%     93.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          11361      0.62%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          11583      0.63%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7           8361      0.46%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8          92857      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      1826132                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.055024                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.325509                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        1421942                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       189493                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          178922                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         1124                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        34646                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        24155                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          336                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1067844                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1392                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        34646                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        1425786                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         51263                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       124365                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          176235                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        13832                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1064747                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          902                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         3716                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         6146                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents         2849                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1454276                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      4963653                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      4963653                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1183412                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         270787                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          242                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          131                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           34556                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       109582                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        59731                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3035                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        11522                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1060618                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          244                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued          984591                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1965                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       173510                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       404149                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1826132                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.539167                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.226837                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1405572     76.97%     76.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       171338      9.38%     86.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        94180      5.16%     91.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61828      3.39%     94.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        56182      3.08%     97.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        17473      0.96%     98.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12369      0.68%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4418      0.24%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2772      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1826132                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           292     11.97%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1033     42.34%     54.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1115     45.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       809815     82.25%     82.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18046      1.83%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          108      0.01%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        98403      9.99%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        58219      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total       984591                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.363979                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2440                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002478                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3799719                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1234450                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       965462                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses       987031                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4627                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25486                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           81                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4680                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          787                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        34646                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         36565                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1445                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1060866                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           51                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       109582                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        59731                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          134                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          769                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           78                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           81                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8550                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10162                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        18712                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts       969581                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        92983                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15010                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             151054                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         131242                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            58071                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.358430                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent               965608                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count              965462                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          571447                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1450485                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.356908                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.393970                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts       709479                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps       865424                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       196094                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          221                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        16522                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1791486                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.483076                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.325819                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1440381     80.40%     80.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       167168      9.33%     89.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        69624      3.89%     93.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        35512      1.98%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26496      1.48%     97.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15139      0.85%     97.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9424      0.53%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7687      0.43%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20055      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1791486                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts       709479                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps       865424                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               139125                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads               84085                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               110                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           120270                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts          782356                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        16890                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        20055                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            2832936                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2157776                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 26603                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                878943                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts            709479                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps              865424                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total       709479                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     3.812763                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               3.812763                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.262277                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.262277                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        4401858                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1318330                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1011095                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          220                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                          144                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2046.649811                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         119300                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        54.425182                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.649811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    21.748340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data    60.100664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1936.150996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.010619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.029346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.945386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                   283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks             98                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                  98                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                    286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          284                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                   286                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                 144                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                  144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                 144                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     63609332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    109548567                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     173157899                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     63609332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    109548567                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      173157899                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     63609332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    109548567                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     173157899                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total               427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           98                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total              98                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total                430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total               430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293970                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.337237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.291771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.291771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2355901.185185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 936312.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1202485.409722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2355901.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 936312.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1202485.409722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2355901.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 936312.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1202485.409722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                 71                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                      71                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total             144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total            144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     61238230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     99275967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    160514197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     61238230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     99275967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    160514197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     61238230                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     99275967                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    160514197                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293970                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.291771                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334884                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.291771                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334884                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2268082.592593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848512.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1114681.923611                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2268082.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848512.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1114681.923611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2268082.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848512.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1114681.923611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          112                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.715490                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         132704                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         2158                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        61.493976                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.715490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    12.017078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data    43.476055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1949.506867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.005868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.021229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.951908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                   311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            101                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 101                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                    313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          311                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                   313                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           86                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data           86                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data           86                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 112                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     91334190                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     70777759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     162111949                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     91334190                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     70777759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      162111949                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     91334190                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     70777759                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     162111949                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total               423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total                425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total               425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.217722                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.264775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.216625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.263529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.216625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.263529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3512853.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 822997.197674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1447428.116071                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3512853.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 822997.197674                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1447428.116071                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3512853.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 822997.197674                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1447428.116071                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                 52                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                      52                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           86                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           86                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           86                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     89050680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     63225889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    152276569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     89050680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     63225889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    152276569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     89050680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     63225889                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    152276569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.217722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.216625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.216625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3425026.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 735184.755814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1359612.223214                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3425026.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 735184.755814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1359612.223214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3425026.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 735184.755814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1359612.223214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          270                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         114051                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         2318                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        49.202330                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks                  6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.292521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   117.805634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1910.901845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.006490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.057522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.933058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                   474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            143                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 143                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                    474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          474                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                   474                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          256                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 270                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13460862                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    245183120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     258643982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13460862                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    245183120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      258643982                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13460862                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    245183120                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     258643982                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total               744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          143                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             143                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total                744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total               744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.350685                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.362903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.350685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.362903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.350685                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.362903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 961490.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 957746.562500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 957940.674074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 961490.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 957746.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 957940.674074                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 961490.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 957746.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 957940.674074                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                 50                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                      50                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            270                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     12231662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    222706320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    234937982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     12231662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    222706320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    234937982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     12231662                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    222706320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    234937982                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.350685                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.350685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.350685                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 873690.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 869946.562500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 870140.674074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 873690.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 869946.562500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 870140.674074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 873690.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 869946.562500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 870140.674074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          167                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.699072                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         135998                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         2215                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        61.398646                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          95.005700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.738469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    63.575430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1875.379473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.046390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.006708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.031043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.915713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                   325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            186                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 186                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                    325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          325                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                   325                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          150                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 164                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     14888090                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    132225078                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     147113168                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     14888090                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    132225078                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      147113168                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     14888090                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    132225078                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     147113168                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total               489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          186                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             186                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total                489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total               489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.315789                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.335378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.315789                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.335378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.315789                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.335378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1063435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 881500.520000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 897031.512195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1063435                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 881500.520000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 897031.512195                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1063435                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 881500.520000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 897031.512195                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                 96                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                      96                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     13657915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    119051510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    132709425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     13657915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    119051510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    132709425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     13657915                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    119051510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    132709425                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.315789                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.315789                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.315789                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 975565.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 793676.733333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 809203.810976                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 975565.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 793676.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 809203.810976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 975565.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 793676.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 809203.810976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          144                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2046.646378                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         119298                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         2192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        54.424270                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.646378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    21.750415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    60.110718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1936.138867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.010620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.029351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.945380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                   282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks             97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                  97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                    285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          283                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                   285                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          117                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 144                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          117                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 144                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     68863842                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    112200903                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     181064745                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     68863842                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    112200903                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      181064745                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     68863842                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    112200903                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     181064745                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total               426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total              97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total                429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total               429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.294710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.338028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.292500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.335664                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.292500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.335664                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2550512.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 958982.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1257394.062500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2550512.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 958982.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1257394.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2550512.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 958982.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1257394.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                 71                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                      71                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     66492186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    101926503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    168418689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     66492186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    101926503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    168418689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     66492186                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    101926503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    168418689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.294710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.292500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.292500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2462673.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 871166.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1169574.229167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2462673.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 871166.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1169574.229167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2462673.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 871166.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1169574.229167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          144                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2046.651845                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         119300                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         2192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        54.425182                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.651845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    21.743085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data    60.021736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1936.235179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.010617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.029307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.945427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                   283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks             98                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                  98                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                    286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          284                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                   286                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          117                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 144                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          117                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 144                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     50718387                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    108782963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     159501350                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     50718387                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    108782963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      159501350                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     50718387                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    108782963                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     159501350                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total               427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           98                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total              98                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total                430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total               430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.293970                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.337237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.291771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.291771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1878458.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 929768.914530                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1107648.263889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1878458.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 929768.914530                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1107648.263889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1878458.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 929768.914530                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1107648.263889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                 71                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                      71                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     48347787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     98510363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    146858150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     48347787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     98510363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    146858150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     48347787                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     98510363                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    146858150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.293970                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.291771                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334884                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.291771                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334884                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1790658.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 841968.914530                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1019848.263889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1790658.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 841968.914530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1019848.263889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1790658.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 841968.914530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1019848.263889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          112                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.713597                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         132704                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         2158                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        61.493976                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.713597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    12.023403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data    43.483333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1949.493264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.005871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.021232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.951901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                   311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            101                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 101                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                    313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          311                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                   313                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           86                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data           86                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data           86                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 112                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     98524620                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     72449614                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     170974234                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     98524620                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     72449614                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      170974234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     98524620                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     72449614                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     170974234                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total               423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total                425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total               425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.217722                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.264775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.216625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.263529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.216625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.263529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3789408.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 842437.372093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1526555.660714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3789408.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 842437.372093                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1526555.660714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3789408.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 842437.372093                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1526555.660714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                 52                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                      52                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           86                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           86                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           86                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     96240934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     64897120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    161138054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     96240934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     64897120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    161138054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     96240934                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     64897120                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    161138054                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.217722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.216625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.216625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3701574.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 754617.674419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1438732.625000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3701574.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 754617.674419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1438732.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3701574.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 754617.674419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1438732.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          167                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.695538                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         135995                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2215                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        61.397291                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          95.014618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.729044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    63.213802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1875.738074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.046394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.006704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.030866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.915888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          323                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                   323                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            185                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 185                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                    323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          323                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                   323                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          150                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 164                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     14639117                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    139359963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     153999080                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     14639117                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    139359963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      153999080                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     14639117                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    139359963                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     153999080                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total               487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          185                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             185                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total                487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total               487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.317125                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.336756                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.317125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.336756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.317125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.336756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1045651.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 929066.420000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 939018.780488                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1045651.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 929066.420000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 939018.780488                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1045651.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 929066.420000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 939018.780488                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                 96                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                      96                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     13408918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    126186374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    139595292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     13408918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    126186374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    139595292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     13408918                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    126186374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    139595292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.317125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.336756                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.317125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.336756                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.317125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.336756                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 957779.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 841242.493333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 851190.804878                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 957779.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 841242.493333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 851190.804878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 957779.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 841242.493333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 851190.804878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          167                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.700032                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         135998                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         2215                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        61.398646                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          94.996010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.743980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    63.800545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1875.159497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.046385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.006711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.031153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.915605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                   325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            186                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 186                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                    325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          325                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                   325                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          151                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 165                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  165                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          151                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 165                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9990970                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    127531314                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     137522284                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9990970                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    127531314                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      137522284                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9990970                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    127531314                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     137522284                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total               490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          186                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             186                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total                490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total               490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.317227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.336735                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.317227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.336735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.317227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.336735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 713640.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 844578.238411                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 833468.387879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 713640.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 844578.238411                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 833468.387879                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 713640.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 844578.238411                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 833468.387879                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                 96                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                      96                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8761770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    114359092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    123120862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8761770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    114359092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    123120862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8761770                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    114359092                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    123120862                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.317227                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.336735                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.317227                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.336735                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.317227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.336735                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 625840.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 757344.980132                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 746187.042424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 625840.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 757344.980132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 746187.042424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 625840.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 757344.980132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 746187.042424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          167                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.694912                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         135998                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2215                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        61.398646                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          94.996081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    13.721947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data    63.337344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1875.639539                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.046385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.006700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.030926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.915840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                   325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            186                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 186                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                    325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          325                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                   325                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          150                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 164                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9610030                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    133277909                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     142887939                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9610030                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    133277909                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      142887939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9610030                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    133277909                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     142887939                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total               489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          186                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             186                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total                489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total               489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.315789                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.335378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.315789                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.335378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.315789                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.335378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 686430.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 888519.393333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 871267.920732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 686430.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 888519.393333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 871267.920732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 686430.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 888519.393333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 871267.920732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                 96                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                      96                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8372580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    120044860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    128417440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8372580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    120044860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    128417440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8372580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    120044860                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    128417440                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.315789                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.315789                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.315789                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 598041.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 800299.066667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 783033.170732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 598041.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 800299.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 783033.170732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 598041.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 800299.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 783033.170732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          270                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         114051                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         2318                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        49.202330                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks                  6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    13.286195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   116.986877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1911.726928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.006487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.057122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.933460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                   474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            143                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 143                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                    474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          474                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                   474                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          256                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 270                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     13329803                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    254490566                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     267820369                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     13329803                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    254490566                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      267820369                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     13329803                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    254490566                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     267820369                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total               744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          143                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             143                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total                744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total               744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.350685                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.362903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.350685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.362903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.350685                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.362903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 952128.785714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 994103.773438                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 991927.292593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 952128.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 994103.773438                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 991927.292593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 952128.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 994103.773438                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 991927.292593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                 50                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                      50                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            270                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     12100603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    232013766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    244114369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     12100603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    232013766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    244114369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     12100603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    232013766                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    244114369                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.350685                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.350685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.350685                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 864328.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 906303.773438                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 904127.292593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 864328.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 906303.773438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 904127.292593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 864328.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 906303.773438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 904127.292593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          142                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2046.624980                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         119297                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         2190                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        54.473516                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.624980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    21.840671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    58.569457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1937.589872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.010664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.028598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.946089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                   281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks             97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                  97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                    284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          283                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                   284                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          115                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 142                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     55107547                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    104716297                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     159823844                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     55107547                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    104716297                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      159823844                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     55107547                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    104716297                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     159823844                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total               423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total              97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total                426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total               426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.291139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.335697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.288945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.288945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2041020.259259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 910576.495652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1125520.028169                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2041020.259259                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 910576.495652                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1125520.028169                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2041020.259259                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 910576.495652                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1125520.028169                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                 69                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                      69                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            142                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     52735405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     94615453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    147350858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     52735405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     94615453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    147350858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     52735405                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     94615453                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    147350858                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.291139                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.288945                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.288945                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1953163.148148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 822743.069565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1037682.098592                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1953163.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 822743.069565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1037682.098592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1953163.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 822743.069565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1037682.098592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          112                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.710600                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         132704                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         2158                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        61.493976                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.710600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    12.055617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data    43.623750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1949.320633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.005887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.021301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.951817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                   311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            101                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 101                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                    313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          311                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                   313                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           86                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data           86                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data           86                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 112                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     90801978                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     68486634                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     159288612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     90801978                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     68486634                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      159288612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     90801978                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     68486634                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     159288612                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total               423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total                425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total               425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.217722                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.264775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.216625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.263529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.216625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.263529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3492383.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 796356.209302                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1422219.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3492383.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 796356.209302                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1422219.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3492383.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 796356.209302                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1422219.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                 52                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                      52                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           86                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           86                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           86                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     88519178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     60935834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    149455012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     88519178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     60935834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    149455012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     88519178                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     60935834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    149455012                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.217722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.216625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.216625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3404583.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 708556.209302                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1334419.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3404583.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 708556.209302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1334419.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3404583.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 708556.209302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1334419.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          270                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         114051                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         2318                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        49.202330                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks                  6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    13.284768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   117.143145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1911.572087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.006487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.057199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.933385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                   474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            143                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 143                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                    474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          474                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                   474                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          256                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 270                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     12984490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    243399259                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     256383749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     12984490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    243399259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      256383749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     12984490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    243399259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     256383749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total               744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          143                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             143                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total                744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total               744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.350685                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.362903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.350685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.362903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.350685                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.362903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 927463.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 950778.355469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 949569.440741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 927463.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 950778.355469                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 949569.440741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 927463.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 950778.355469                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 949569.440741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                 50                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                      50                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            270                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     11755290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    220918912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    232674202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     11755290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    220918912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    232674202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     11755290                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    220918912                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    232674202                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.350685                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.350685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.350685                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 839663.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 862964.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 861756.303704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 839663.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 862964.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 861756.303704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 839663.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 862964.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 861756.303704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                          111                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.562032                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         132699                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         2156                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        61.548701                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.562032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    11.932770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data    43.613258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1949.453973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.005827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.021296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.951882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                   310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            101                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 101                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                    313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          311                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                   313                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           86                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                 111                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data           86                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                  111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data           86                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                 111                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     92377411                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     69134873                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     161512284                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     92377411                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     69134873                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      161512284                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     92377411                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     69134873                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     161512284                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total               421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total                424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total               424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.925926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.218274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.263658                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.925926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.216625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.261792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.925926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.216625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.261792                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3695096.440000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 803893.872093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1455065.621622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3695096.440000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 803893.872093                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1455065.621622                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3695096.440000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 803893.872093                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1455065.621622                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                 52                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                      52                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           86                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           86                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total             111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           86                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total            111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     90182411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     61583470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    151765881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     90182411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     61583470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    151765881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     90182411                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     61583470                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    151765881                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.218274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.216625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.261792                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.216625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.261792                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3607296.440000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 716086.860465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1367260.189189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3607296.440000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 716086.860465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1367260.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3607296.440000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 716086.860465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1367260.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          562                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2044.543750                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                          87166                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         2607                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        33.435366                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks         133.424340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    16.400069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   236.745730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst                  1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1656.973612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.065149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.008008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.115599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.inst          0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.809069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.998312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                   312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            373                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 373                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                    314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          313                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                   314                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          495                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 522                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           42                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                42                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          537                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  564                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          537                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 564                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     57713759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    532228923                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     589942682                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     44114139                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     44114139                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     57713759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    576343062                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      634056821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     57713759                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    576343062                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     634056821                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total               834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          373                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             373                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              44                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total                878                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total               878                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.614144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.625899                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.631765                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.642369                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.631765                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.642369                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2137546.629630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1075209.945455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1130158.394636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1050336.642857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1050336.642857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2137546.629630                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1073264.547486                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1124214.221631                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2137546.629630                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1073264.547486                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1124214.221631                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                323                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     323                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           42                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          537                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            564                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     55342967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    488842879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    544185846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     40425884                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40425884                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     55342967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    529268763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    584611730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     55342967                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    529268763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    584611730                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.614144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.625899                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.631765                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.642369                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.631765                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.642369                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2049739.518519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 987561.371717                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1042501.620690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 962521.047619                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 962521.047619                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2049739.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 985602.910615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1036545.620567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2049739.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 985602.910615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1036545.620567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              498.003512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750132392                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1488357.920635                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    23.003512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.036865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.798083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         124428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124428                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        124428                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72490220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     72490220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72490220                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     72490220                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72490220                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     72490220                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       124473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       124473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1610893.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1610893.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1610893.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1610893.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1610893.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1610893.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       276906                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       276906                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     63972384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63972384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     63972384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63972384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     63972384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63972384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2205944.275862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2205944.275862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2205944.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2205944.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2205944.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2205944.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  401                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              113322459                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  657                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             172484.716895                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   143.557979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   112.442021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.560773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.439227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        84747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         84747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        70554                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70554                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       155301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         155301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       155301                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        155301                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1275                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         1275                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    416294737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    416294737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1262822                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1262822                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    417557559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    417557559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    417557559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    417557559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        86006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        86006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        70570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       156576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       156576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.014639                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014639                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 330655.073074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 330655.073074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 78926.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78926.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 327496.124706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 327496.124706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 327496.124706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 327496.124706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           98                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              98                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          874                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          874                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          401                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    128811180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    128811180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    129003480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    129003480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    129003480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    129003480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 323646.180905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323646.180905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 321704.438903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321704.438903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 321704.438903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321704.438903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              467.297586                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              753577151                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1560201.140787                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    12.297586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.019708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       127810                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127810                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       127810                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         127810                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       127810                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        127810                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    126286083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    126286083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    126286083                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    126286083                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    126286083                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    126286083                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       127848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       127848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       127848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       127848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       127848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3323317.973684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3323317.973684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3323317.973684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3323317.973684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3323317.973684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3323317.973684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2843998                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 473999.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     91695232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91695232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     91695232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91695232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     91695232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91695232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3274829.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3274829.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3274829.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3274829.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3274829.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3274829.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  397                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              109423613                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             167570.617152                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   142.447118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   113.552882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.556434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.443566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       100028                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        100028                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        73485                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73485                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       173513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         173513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       173513                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        173513                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         1028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         1028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    221508952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    221508952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       564801                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       564801                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    222073753                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    222073753                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    222073753                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    222073753                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       101049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       101049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        73492                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73492                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       174541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       174541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 216952.940255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 216952.940255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 80685.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80685.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 216025.051556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 216025.051556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 216025.051556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 216025.051556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          631                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          631                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     91568912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91568912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       128200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       128200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     91697112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91697112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     91697112                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91697112                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 231820.030380                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 231820.030380                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 230975.093199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 230975.093199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 230975.093199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 230975.093199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              556.291432                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              769302693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1381153.847397                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.291432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.021300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       117976                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        117976                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       117976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         117976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       117976                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        117976                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           28                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     22701297                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     22701297                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     22701297                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     22701297                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     22701297                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     22701297                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       118004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       118004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       118004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       118004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       118004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       118004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 810760.607143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 810760.607143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 810760.607143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 810760.607143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 810760.607143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 810760.607143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13577062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13577062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13577062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13577062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13577062                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13577062                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 969790.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 969790.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 969790.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 969790.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 969790.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 969790.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  730                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              289546877                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  986                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             293658.090264                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   101.035027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   154.964973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.394668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.605332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       302397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        302397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       165035                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       165035                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       467432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         467432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       467432                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        467432                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2633                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2633                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         2633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2633                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         2633                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1063138394                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1063138394                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1063138394                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1063138394                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1063138394                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1063138394                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       305030                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       305030                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       165035                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       165035                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       470065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       470065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       470065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       470065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 403774.551462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 403774.551462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 403774.551462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 403774.551462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 403774.551462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 403774.551462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          143                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             143                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1903                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1903                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    279836780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    279836780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    279836780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    279836780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    279836780                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    279836780                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 383338.054795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 383338.054795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 383338.054795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 383338.054795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 383338.054795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 383338.054795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              495.737378                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              750704018                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1513516.165323                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.737378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.022015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       120288                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120288                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       120288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         120288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       120288                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        120288                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     18674602                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18674602                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     18674602                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18674602                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     18674602                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18674602                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       120307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       120307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       120307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       120307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       120307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 982873.789474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 982873.789474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 982873.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 982873.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 982873.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 982873.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     15004982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15004982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     15004982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15004982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     15004982                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15004982                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1071784.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1071784.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1071784.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1071784.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1071784.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1071784.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  475                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              118284721                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  731                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             161812.203830                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   159.796742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    96.203258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.624206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.375794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        82990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         82990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        69348                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        69348                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          158                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          158                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       152338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         152338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       152338                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        152338                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1628                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1628                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1695                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1695                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    665482966                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    665482966                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     57255812                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     57255812                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    722738778                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    722738778                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    722738778                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    722738778                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        84618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        69415                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        69415                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          158                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          158                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       154033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       154033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       154033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       154033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.019239                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019239                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000965                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000965                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.011004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.011004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 408773.320639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 408773.320639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 854564.358209                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 854564.358209                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 426394.559292                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 426394.559292                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 426394.559292                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 426394.559292                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       858871                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       858871                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          186                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             186                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1220                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1220                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    154702575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    154702575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    154702575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    154702575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    154702575                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    154702575                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003084                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003084                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003084                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003084                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 325689.631579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325689.631579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 325689.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325689.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 325689.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325689.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              498.006459                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              750132231                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1488357.601190                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    23.006459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.036869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.798087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       124267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       124267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         124267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       124267                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        124267                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75625004                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     75625004                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75625004                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     75625004                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75625004                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     75625004                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       124307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       124307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       124307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       124307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       124307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000322                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000322                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1890625.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1890625.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1890625.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1890625.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1890625.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1890625.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       276966                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       276966                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69226848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69226848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69226848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69226848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69226848                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69226848                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2387132.689655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2387132.689655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2387132.689655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2387132.689655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2387132.689655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2387132.689655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  400                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              113322206                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             172747.265244                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   143.607150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   112.392850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.560965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.439035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        84612                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         84612                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        70436                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70436                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       155048                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         155048                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       155048                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        155048                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1274                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         1274                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1274                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         1274                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    448625441                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    448625441                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1262454                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1262454                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    449887895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    449887895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    449887895                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    449887895                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        85870                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        85870                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        70452                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70452                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       156322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       156322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.014650                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014650                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 356617.997615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 356617.997615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 78903.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78903.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 353130.215856                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 353130.215856                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 353130.215856                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 353130.215856                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total              97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          874                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          874                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    131401466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    131401466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    131593766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    131593766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    131593766                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    131593766                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002559                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002559                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002559                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002559                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 330986.060453                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330986.060453                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 328984.415000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328984.415000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 328984.415000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328984.415000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              497.995639                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              750132375                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1488357.886905                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    22.995639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.036852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.798070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       124411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       124411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         124411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       124411                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        124411                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     58566968                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     58566968                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     58566968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     58566968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     58566968                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     58566968                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       124452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       124452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       124452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       124452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       124452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1428462.634146                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1428462.634146                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1428462.634146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1428462.634146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1428462.634146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1428462.634146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     51081411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51081411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     51081411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51081411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     51081411                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51081411                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1761427.965517                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1761427.965517                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1761427.965517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1761427.965517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1761427.965517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1761427.965517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  401                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              113322432                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  657                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             172484.675799                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   143.387455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   112.612545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.560107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.439893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        84734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         84734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        70540                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70540                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       155274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         155274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       155274                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        155274                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1260                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1260                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         1276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1276                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         1276                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    438799402                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    438799402                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1266302                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1266302                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    440065704                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    440065704                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    440065704                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    440065704                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        85994                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        85994                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        70556                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70556                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       156550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       156550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.014652                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014652                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 348253.493651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 348253.493651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 79143.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79143.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 344879.078370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 344879.078370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 344879.078370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 344879.078370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           98                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total              98                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          875                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          875                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          401                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    128046217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    128046217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    128238517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    128238517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    128238517                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    128238517                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 321724.163317                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321724.163317                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 319796.800499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 319796.800499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 319796.800499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 319796.800499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              467.305295                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              753577048                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1560200.927536                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    12.305295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.019720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       127707                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127707                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       127707                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         127707                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       127707                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        127707                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    145750142                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    145750142                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    145750142                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    145750142                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    145750142                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    145750142                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       127748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       127748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       127748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       127748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       127748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000321                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000321                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3554881.512195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3554881.512195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3554881.512195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3554881.512195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3554881.512195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3554881.512195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      4101726                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 820345.200000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     98885599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     98885599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     98885599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     98885599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     98885599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     98885599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3531628.535714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3531628.535714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3531628.535714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3531628.535714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3531628.535714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3531628.535714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  397                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              109423465                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             167570.390505                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   142.426902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   113.573098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.556355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.443645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        99948                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         99948                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        73417                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73417                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       173365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         173365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       173365                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        173365                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         1028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         1028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    223977677                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    223977677                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       564360                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       564360                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    224542037                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    224542037                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    224542037                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    224542037                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       100969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        73424                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73424                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       174393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       174393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 219370.888345                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 219370.888345                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 80622.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80622.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 218426.106031                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 218426.106031                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 218426.106031                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 218426.106031                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          631                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          631                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     93241086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93241086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       128200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       128200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     93369286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     93369286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     93369286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     93369286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002276                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002276                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002276                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002276                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 236053.382278                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 236053.382278                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 235187.118388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 235187.118388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 235187.118388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 235187.118388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              495.727953                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              750703585                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1513515.292339                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.727953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.022000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       119855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       119855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         119855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       119855                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        119855                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     17488203                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17488203                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     17488203                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     17488203                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     17488203                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     17488203                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       119874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       119874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       119874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       119874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       119874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 920431.736842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 920431.736842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 920431.736842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 920431.736842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 920431.736842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 920431.736842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     14755784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14755784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     14755784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14755784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     14755784                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14755784                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000117                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1053984.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1053984.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1053984.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1053984.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1053984.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1053984.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  473                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              118283904                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  729                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             162255.012346                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   159.331571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    96.668429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.622389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.377611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        82553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         82553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        68968                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        68968                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          158                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          158                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       151521                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         151521                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       151521                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        151521                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1621                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1621                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           83                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           83                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         1704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1704                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         1704                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    678676566                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    678676566                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     77114050                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     77114050                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    755790616                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    755790616                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    755790616                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    755790616                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        84174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        69051                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        69051                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          158                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          158                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       153225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       153225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       153225                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       153225                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.019258                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019258                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001202                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001202                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 418677.708822                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 418677.708822                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 929084.939759                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 929084.939759                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 443539.093897                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 443539.093897                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 443539.093897                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 443539.093897                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      2010289                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 1005144.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          185                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             185                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1231                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1231                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          473                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          473                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    161691402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    161691402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    161691402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    161691402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    161691402                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    161691402                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003087                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003087                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003087                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003087                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 341842.287526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341842.287526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 341842.287526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341842.287526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 341842.287526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341842.287526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              495.742891                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              750704440                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1513517.016129                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.742891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.022024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       120710                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120710                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       120710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         120710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       120710                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        120710                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     12907234                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12907234                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     12907234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12907234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     12907234                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12907234                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       120729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       120729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       120729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       120729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       120729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 679328.105263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 679328.105263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 679328.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 679328.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 679328.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 679328.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     10107621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10107621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     10107621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10107621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     10107621                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10107621                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 721972.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 721972.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 721972.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 721972.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 721972.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 721972.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  475                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              118285244                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  731                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             161812.919289                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   159.977126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    96.022874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.624911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.375089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        83288                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         83288                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        69573                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        69573                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          158                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          158                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       152861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         152861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       152861                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        152861                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         1697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1697                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         1697                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    664894590                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    664894590                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     46926952                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     46926952                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    711821542                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    711821542                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    711821542                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    711821542                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        84918                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84918                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        69640                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        69640                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          158                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          158                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       154558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       154558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       154558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       154558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.019195                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019195                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000962                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000962                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.010980                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010980                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.010980                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010980                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 407910.791411                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 407910.791411                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 700402.268657                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 700402.268657                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 419458.775486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 419458.775486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 419458.775486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 419458.775486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       858820                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       858820                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          186                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             186                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1221                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1221                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          476                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          476                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    150005240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    150005240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    150005240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    150005240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    150005240                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    150005240                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003080                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003080                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003080                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003080                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 315137.058824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315137.058824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 315137.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315137.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 315137.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315137.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              495.720850                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              750704056                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1513516.241935                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    13.720850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.021989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       120326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       120326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         120326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       120326                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        120326                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     13199456                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13199456                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     13199456                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13199456                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     13199456                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13199456                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       120345                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120345                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       120345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       120345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       120345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       120345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 694708.210526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 694708.210526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 694708.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 694708.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 694708.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 694708.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9726943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9726943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9726943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9726943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9726943                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9726943                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 694781.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 694781.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 694781.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 694781.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 694781.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 694781.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  475                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              118284751                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  731                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             161812.244870                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   159.107219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    96.892781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.621513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.378487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        82996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         82996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        69372                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        69372                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          158                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          158                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       152368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         152368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       152368                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        152368                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1627                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1627                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         1694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1694                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         1694                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    643761121                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    643761121                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     57526667                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     57526667                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    701287788                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    701287788                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    701287788                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    701287788                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        84623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        69439                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        69439                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          158                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          158                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       154062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       154062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       154062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       154062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.019226                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019226                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000965                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000965                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 395673.706822                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 395673.706822                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 858606.970149                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 858606.970149                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 413983.345927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 413983.345927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 413983.345927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 413983.345927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       858724                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       858724                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          186                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             186                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1219                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1219                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    155752482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    155752482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    155752482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    155752482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    155752482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    155752482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003083                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003083                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003083                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003083                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 327899.962105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327899.962105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 327899.962105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327899.962105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 327899.962105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327899.962105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              556.285106                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              769302100                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1381152.782765                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    13.285106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.021290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       117383                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        117383                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       117383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         117383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       117383                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        117383                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           21                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     18418040                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18418040                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     18418040                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18418040                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     18418040                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18418040                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       117404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       117404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       117404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       117404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       117404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       117404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 877049.523810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 877049.523810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 877049.523810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 877049.523810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 877049.523810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 877049.523810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     13446003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13446003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     13446003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13446003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     13446003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13446003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 960428.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 960428.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 960428.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 960428.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 960428.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 960428.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  730                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              289542798                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  986                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             293653.953347                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   100.903099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   155.096901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.394153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.605847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       299648                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        299648                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       163705                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       163705                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       463353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         463353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       463353                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        463353                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2620                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2620                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2620                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         2620                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2620                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         2620                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1095800552                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1095800552                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1095800552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1095800552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1095800552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1095800552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       302268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       302268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       163705                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       163705                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       465973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       465973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       465973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       465973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 418244.485496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 418244.485496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 418244.485496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 418244.485496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 418244.485496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 418244.485496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          143                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             143                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1890                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1890                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    289151024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    289151024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    289151024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    289151024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    289151024                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    289151024                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002415                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002415                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 396097.293151                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 396097.293151                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 396097.293151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 396097.293151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 396097.293151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 396097.293151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              497.466318                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              750132298                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1491316.695825                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    22.466318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.036004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.797222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       124334                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124334                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       124334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         124334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       124334                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        124334                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61299642                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     61299642                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61299642                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     61299642                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61299642                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     61299642                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       124374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       124374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       124374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       124374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       124374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000322                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000322                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1532491.050000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1532491.050000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1532491.050000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1532491.050000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1532491.050000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1532491.050000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       289467                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       289467                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     55400604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55400604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     55400604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55400604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     55400604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55400604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000225                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000225                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1978593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1978593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1978593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1978593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1978593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1978593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  398                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              113321449                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  654                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             173274.386850                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   143.002359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   112.997641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.558603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.441397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        84311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         84311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        69980                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        69980                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       154291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         154291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       154291                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        154291                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1261                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1261                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1277                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1277                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    417055284                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    417055284                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1241706                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1241706                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    418296990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    418296990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    418296990                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    418296990                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        85572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        85572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        69996                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        69996                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       155568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       155568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       155568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       155568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.014736                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014736                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000229                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 330733.770024                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 330733.770024                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 77606.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77606.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 327562.247455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 327562.247455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 327562.247455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 327562.247455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total              97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          879                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          879                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    123897012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    123897012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    124089312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    124089312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    124089312                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    124089312                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004616                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004616                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002558                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002558                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002558                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002558                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 313663.321519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 313663.321519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 311782.190955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 311782.190955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 311782.190955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 311782.190955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              467.341015                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              753577405                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1560201.666667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    12.341015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.019777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       128064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        128064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       128064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         128064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       128064                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        128064                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    126428020                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    126428020                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    126428020                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    126428020                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    126428020                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    126428020                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       128102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       128102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       128102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       128102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       128102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       128102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3327053.157895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3327053.157895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3327053.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3327053.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3327053.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3327053.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3485018                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 580836.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     91163258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91163258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     91163258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91163258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     91163258                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91163258                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3255830.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3255830.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3255830.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3255830.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3255830.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3255830.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  397                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              109424004                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             167571.215926                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   142.677440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   113.322560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.557334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.442666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       100251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        100251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        73653                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73653                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       173904                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         173904                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       173904                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        173904                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         1028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         1028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    214597291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    214597291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       565067                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       565067                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    215162358                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    215162358                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    215162358                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    215162358                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       101272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       101272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        73660                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73660                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       174932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       174932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005877                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005877                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005877                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005877                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 210183.438786                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 210183.438786                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 80723.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80723.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 209301.904669                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 209301.904669                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 209301.904669                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 209301.904669                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          631                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          631                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     89278694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89278694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       128200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       128200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     89406894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     89406894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     89406894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     89406894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003900                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003900                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002269                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002269                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002269                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002269                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 226022.010127                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 226022.010127                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 225206.282116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 225206.282116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 225206.282116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 225206.282116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              556.283678                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              769302580                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1381153.644524                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    13.283678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.021288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       117863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        117863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       117863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         117863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       117863                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        117863                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           21                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     18109613                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18109613                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     18109613                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18109613                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     18109613                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18109613                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       117884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       117884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       117884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       117884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       117884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       117884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000178                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000178                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000178                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000178                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000178                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000178                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 862362.523810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 862362.523810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 862362.523810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 862362.523810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 862362.523810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 862362.523810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     13100690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13100690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     13100690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13100690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     13100690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13100690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 935763.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 935763.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 935763.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 935763.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 935763.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 935763.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  730                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              289545827                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  986                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             293657.025355                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   100.887546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   155.112454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.394092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.605908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       301662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        301662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       164720                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       164720                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       466382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         466382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       466382                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        466382                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         2630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2630                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         2630                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1068543780                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1068543780                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1068543780                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1068543780                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1068543780                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1068543780                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       304292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       304292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       164720                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       164720                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       469012                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       469012                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       469012                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       469012                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 406290.410646                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 406290.410646                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 406290.410646                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 406290.410646                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 406290.410646                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 406290.410646                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          143                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             143                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1900                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1900                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    278073397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    278073397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    278073397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    278073397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    278073397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    278073397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 380922.461644                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 380922.461644                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 380922.461644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 380922.461644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 380922.461644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 380922.461644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              467.220626                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              753577467                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  482                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1563438.728216                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    12.220626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.019584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       128126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        128126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       128126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         128126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       128126                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        128126                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    153434869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    153434869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    153434869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    153434869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    153434869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    153434869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       128168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       128168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       128168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       128168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       128168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       128168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3653211.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3653211.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3653211.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3653211.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3653211.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3653211.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2291637                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 572909.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     92715232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92715232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     92715232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     92715232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     92715232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     92715232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3433897.481481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3433897.481481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3433897.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3433897.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3433897.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3433897.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  397                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              109424306                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             167571.678407                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   142.581651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   113.418349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.556960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.443040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       100432                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        100432                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        73775                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73775                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       174207                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         174207                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       174207                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        174207                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1014                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1014                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         1026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1026                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         1026                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    213801052                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    213801052                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1055512                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1055512                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    214856564                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    214856564                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    214856564                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    214856564                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       101446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       101446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        73787                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73787                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       175233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       175233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       175233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       175233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009995                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009995                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000163                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000163                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005855                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005855                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 210849.163708                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 210849.163708                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 87959.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87959.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 209411.855750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 209411.855750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 209411.855750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 209411.855750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          629                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          629                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     89845154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89845154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       208328                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208328                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     90053482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     90053482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     90053482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     90053482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002266                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002266                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002266                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002266                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 228033.385787                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 228033.385787                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 69442.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69442.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 226834.967254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 226834.967254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 226834.967254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 226834.967254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              507.134525                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              753861609                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1455331.291506                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    17.134525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.027459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.812716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst        90472                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         90472                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst        90472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total          90472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst        90472                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total         90472                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     82431964                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     82431964                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     82431964                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     82431964                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     82431964                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     82431964                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst        90515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst        90515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total        90515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst        90515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total        90515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1917022.418605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1917022.418605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1917022.418605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1917022.418605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1917022.418605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1917022.418605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     58012203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58012203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     58012203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58012203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     58012203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58012203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000309                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000309                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000309                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000309                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2071864.392857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2071864.392857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2071864.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2071864.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2071864.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2071864.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  849                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              125584526                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 1105                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             113651.154751                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   176.677618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    79.322382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.690147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.309853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        68373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         68373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        54350                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        54350                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       122723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         122723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       122723                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        122723                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          389                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          389                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         2410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2410                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         2410                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1310982795                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1310982795                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    394435468                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    394435468                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1705418263                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1705418263                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1705418263                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1705418263                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        70394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        70394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        54739                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        54739                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       125133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       125133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       125133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       125133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.028710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.007106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.019260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.019260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 648680.254824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 648680.254824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1013972.925450                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1013972.925450                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 707642.432780                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 707642.432780                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 707642.432780                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 707642.432780                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          373                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             373                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          345                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          345                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1560                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1560                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           44                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          850                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          850                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    557398240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    557398240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     44590939                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44590939                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    601989179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    601989179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    601989179                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    601989179                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011450                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011450                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000804                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000804                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006793                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006793                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 691561.091811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 691561.091811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1013430.431818                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1013430.431818                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 708222.563529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 708222.563529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 708222.563529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 708222.563529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
