
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.012021                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12020687196                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               577319119023                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 411576                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   526293                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 288827                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67619544                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 41618.98                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17129360465                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   21903789595                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       260480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       206848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       280448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       175232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       429056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       487424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       428288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       425088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       204032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       418176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       259328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       270208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       261760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       170752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       430592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       262528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              5040768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           70528                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1162496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1162496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         2035                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         1616                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         2191                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1369                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         3352                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         3808                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         3346                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         3321                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         1594                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         3267                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         2026                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         2111                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         2045                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         1334                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         3364                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         2051                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 39381                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            9082                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 9082                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       319449                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     21669310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       415284                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     17207668                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       393987                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     23330447                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       362043                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     14577536                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       362043                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     35693134                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       372691                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     40548763                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       372691                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     35629244                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       383339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     35363036                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       425932                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     16973406                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       372691                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     34788028                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       298153                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     21573475                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       383339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     22478582                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       330098                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     21775793                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       393987                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     14204845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       362043                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     35820914                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       319449                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     21839683                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               419341084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       319449                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       415284                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       393987                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       362043                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       362043                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       372691                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       372691                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       383339                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       425932                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       372691                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       298153                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       383339                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       330098                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       393987                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       362043                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       319449                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            5867219                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          96707949                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               96707949                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          96707949                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       319449                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     21669310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       415284                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     17207668                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       393987                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     23330447                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       362043                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     14577536                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       362043                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     35693134                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       372691                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     40548763                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       372691                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     35629244                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       383339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     35363036                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       425932                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     16973406                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       372691                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     34788028                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       298153                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     21573475                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       383339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     22478582                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       330098                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     21775793                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       393987                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     14204845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       362043                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     35820914                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       319449                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     21839683                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              516049033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               28826589                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2182690                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1952813                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175237                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1460035                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1435080                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128290                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5238                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23133629                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             12407927                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2182690                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1563370                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2767599                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        576510                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       338250                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1400509                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       171722                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     26639805                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520990                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.761189                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       23872206     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         425963      1.60%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         210817      0.79%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         420562      1.58%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         131114      0.49%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         390202      1.46%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          60320      0.23%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          96572      0.36%     96.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1032049      3.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     26639805                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.075718                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.430433                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       22843616                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       633897                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2762009                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         2190                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       398089                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       202927                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred         2209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     13854295                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         5104                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       398089                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       22876537                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        377690                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       157936                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2732161                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        97388                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     13833975                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        10545                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        78624                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     18106096                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     62656311                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     62656311                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     14646429                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        3459640                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         1839                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          939                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          208847                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      2518070                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       398437                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3161                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        90297                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         13762461                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1845                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        12874925                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8315                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2509883                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5152870                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           27                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26639805                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.483297                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.094260                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20989891     78.79%     78.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1767832      6.64%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1904941      7.15%     92.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1104955      4.15%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       560589      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       140035      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       164394      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3893      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3275      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26639805                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21128     57.04%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8662     23.39%     80.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7249     19.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10082793     78.31%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99438      0.77%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          901      0.01%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2296750     17.84%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       395043      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     12874925                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.446634                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37039                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002877                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52435007                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16274237                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12545932                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     12911964                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9841                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       515111                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           52                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10129                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       398089                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        248345                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11974                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13764321                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1772                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2518070                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       398437                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          937                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4511                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          251                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           52                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117863                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67633                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       185496                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12712060                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2264104                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       162863                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            2659106                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1934137                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           395002                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.440984                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             12548709                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            12545932                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7599187                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        16453898                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.435221                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.461847                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     11236445                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2528413                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1818                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       173967                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26241716                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.428190                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.299282                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22067394     84.09%     84.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1632872      6.22%     90.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1056613      4.03%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       330572      1.26%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       555609      2.12%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105531      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67642      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61176      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       364307      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26241716                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     11236445                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              2391264                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             2002956                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1725938                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         9812681                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       138175                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       364307                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           39642228                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          27928152                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                515903                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               2186784                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            11236445                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.882659                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.882659                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.346902                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.346902                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       59120493                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      16325440                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      14748401                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         1816                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               28826589                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        2374960                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1944397                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       234925                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       977093                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         933286                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         244652                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10626                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22867945                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             13277830                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           2374960                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1177938                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2772291                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        641767                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       531001                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1401646                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       235049                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     26575082                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613668                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956272                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       23802791     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         130014      0.49%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         206141      0.78%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         277237      1.04%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         285740      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         240778      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         135916      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         199806      0.75%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1296659      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     26575082                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.082388                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.460611                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       22637507                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       763737                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2767128                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         3151                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       403558                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       389693                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          263                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     16293525                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1540                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       403558                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       22699880                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        153448                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       468677                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2708550                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       140966                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     16286849                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        18888                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        61600                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     22731551                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     75765289                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     75765289                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     19665919                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        3065620                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         3925                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1991                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          422429                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1527702                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       823962                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9710                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       271825                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         16263962                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3938                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        15432121                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2216                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1821211                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4377364                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           43                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26575082                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580699                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268249                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19985910     75.21%     75.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2755968     10.37%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1382892      5.20%     90.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1004581      3.78%     94.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       793543      2.99%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       326106      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       204956      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       106820      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14306      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26575082                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3081     11.82%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9893     37.94%     49.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13102     50.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12979148     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       230430      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1932      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1399266      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       821345      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     15432121                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.535343                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26076                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001690                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57467616                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18089186                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15197233                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     15458197                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31760                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       250347                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           78                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11456                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       403558                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        122097                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13453                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16267922                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7385                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1527702                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       823962                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1993                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11424                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           78                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       136175                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       132454                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       268629                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15216498                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1315759                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       215623                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            2137044                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        2162055                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           821285                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.527863                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             15197359                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            15197233                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         8726597                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        23512602                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.527195                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.371146                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11464026                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     14105981                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2161939                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3895                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       237630                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26171524                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.538982                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.379927                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20334725     77.70%     77.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2917387     11.15%     88.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1079886      4.13%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       514270      1.96%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       466190      1.78%     96.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       250431      0.96%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       200296      0.77%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        99391      0.38%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       308948      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26171524                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     11464026                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     14105981                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              2089858                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1277352                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1944                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          2034186                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        12709155                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       290432                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       308948                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           42130418                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          32939430                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                348894                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               2251507                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          11464026                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            14105981                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     11464026                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.514526                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.514526                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.397689                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.397689                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       68480991                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      21176826                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      15100375                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3890                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               28826589                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2340492                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1918317                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       232202                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       955890                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         910920                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         240030                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10312                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22376315                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             13315880                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2340492                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1150950                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2927515                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        659205                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       753458                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1381105                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       230596                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     26480704                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615118                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966615                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       23553189     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         317299      1.20%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         366245      1.38%     91.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         201393      0.76%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         230423      0.87%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         127191      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          87535      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         227500      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1369929      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     26480704                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.081192                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.461930                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       22194444                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       939040                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2902871                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        23278                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       421067                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       380738                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred         2349                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     16260151                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        12008                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       421067                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       22229911                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        261584                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       578831                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2891959                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        97348                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     16250373                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           31                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        23247                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        46419                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     22590003                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     75667243                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     75667243                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     19257771                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        3332206                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         4179                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2301                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          265514                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1551802                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       844267                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22279                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       188759                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         16224294                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4184                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        15328846                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21299                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2042026                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4720514                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          401                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26480704                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578869                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268847                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20026338     75.63%     75.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2591828      9.79%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1395627      5.27%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       968089      3.66%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       844423      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       431310      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       105034      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        67389      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        50666      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26480704                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3744     11.21%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14779     44.23%     55.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14889     44.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12832519     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       239632      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1876      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1416304      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       838515      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     15328846                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.531761                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             33412                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002180                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57193107                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18270674                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15069886                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     15362258                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38264                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       276152                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           96                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          172                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        19210                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          936                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       421067                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        208467                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14732                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16228507                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3773                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1551802                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       844267                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2295                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10561                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          172                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       133803                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       130951                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       264754                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15098593                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1328896                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       230253                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  29                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            2167142                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        2112841                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           838246                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.523773                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             15070139                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            15069886                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         8956072                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        23469838                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.522777                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381599                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11307778                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     13873502                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2355121                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3783                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       233328                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26059637                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532375                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351565                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20393932     78.26%     78.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2626856     10.08%     88.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1102087      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       659541      2.53%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       458391      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       295996      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       154327      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       123713      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244794      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26059637                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     11307778                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     13873502                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              2100695                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1275646                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1888                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1985860                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        12507203                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       282253                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       244794                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           42043388                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          32878362                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                344985                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               2345885                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          11307778                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            13873502                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     11307778                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.549271                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.549271                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.392269                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.392269                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       68098045                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      20920457                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      15167916                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         3778                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               28826589                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2610134                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2172726                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       238334                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       998643                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         952234                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         280182                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11078                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22685926                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             14314463                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2610134                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1232416                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2983021                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        664343                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       783746                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1409971                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       227755                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     26876532                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654479                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029843                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       23893511     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         183567      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         230779      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         366714      1.36%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         152746      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         197808      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         230369      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         105684      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1515354      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     26876532                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.090546                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.496572                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       22551487                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       931219                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2968803                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         1440                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       423578                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       397561                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          261                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     17493895                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1497                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       423578                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       22575091                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         73019                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       793783                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2946642                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        64409                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     17384403                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         9212                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        44864                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     24284720                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     80832308                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     80832308                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     20299684                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        3985036                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         4229                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2215                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          229822                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1627229                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       851052                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9453                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       192013                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         16972606                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4242                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        16278423                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17013                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2067454                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4215897                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          186                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26876532                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605674                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326984                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19981473     74.35%     74.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3143127     11.69%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1287101      4.79%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       719653      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       977031      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       299940      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       295739      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       159867      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12601      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26876532                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        112408     79.10%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15140     10.65%     89.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14566     10.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13713264     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       222236      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         2013      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1492847      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       848063      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     16278423                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.564702                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            142114                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008730                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59592505                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     19044402                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15852789                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     16420537                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11700                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       307791                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          103                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12597                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       423578                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         55841                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7074                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16976851                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13463                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1627229                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       851052                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2216                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6159                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          103                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       139634                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       134659                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       274293                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15993706                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1467785                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       284717                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            2315737                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        2262189                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           847952                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.554825                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             15852913                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            15852789                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         9497712                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        25501149                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.549936                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.372443                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11809559                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     14552320                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2424615                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4056                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       240176                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26452954                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550121                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370576                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20293992     76.72%     76.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3121885     11.80%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1132000      4.28%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       565746      2.14%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       515701      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       217060      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       214537      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102393      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       289640      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26452954                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     11809559                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     14552320                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              2157893                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1319438                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              2024                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          2109367                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        13101813                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       300500                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       289640                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           43140171                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          34377465                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                345223                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               1950057                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          11809559                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            14552320                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     11809559                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.440954                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.440954                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.409676                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.409676                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       71960631                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      22155286                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      16180820                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         4052                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               28826589                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2332865                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1907931                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       230062                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       984807                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         920750                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         239615                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10233                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22659798                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             13229257                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2332865                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1160365                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2772671                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        665372                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       409687                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1394670                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       231689                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     26272457                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615421                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966370                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       23499786     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         150013      0.57%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         237426      0.90%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         376697      1.43%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         157114      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         176749      0.67%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         186474      0.71%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         122959      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1365239      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     26272457                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.080928                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.458926                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       22454824                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       616689                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2763746                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         7195                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       430001                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       382220                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          278                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     16156056                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1655                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       430001                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       22487583                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        200238                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       319458                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2738764                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        96411                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     16145852                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents         3017                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        27581                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        35998                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5019                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     22413620                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     75104474                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     75104474                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     19136681                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        3276939                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         4090                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2236                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          290682                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1542109                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       827870                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        24692                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       188802                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         16122651                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4101                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        15263121                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19136                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2042568                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4533277                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          370                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26272457                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580955                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272434                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19834422     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2583486      9.83%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1415196      5.39%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       963634      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       899205      3.42%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       260097      0.99%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       200876      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        68548      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        46993      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26272457                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3559     12.50%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11066     38.87%     51.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13843     48.63%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12785454     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       240909      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1849      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1412032      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       822877      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     15263121                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.529481                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28468                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001865                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56846303                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18169517                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15015824                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     15291589                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        46050                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       279122                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           34                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          203                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        25145                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          976                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       430001                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        135553                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13422                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16126776                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1372                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1542109                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       827870                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2238                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9807                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          203                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       134246                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       131296                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       265542                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15045325                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1328823                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       217796                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            2151290                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        2116979                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           822467                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.521925                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             15016076                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            15015824                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         8780646                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        22937103                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.520902                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.382814                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11240478                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     13777914                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2348901                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3731                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       234674                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25842456                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533150                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386250                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20245813     78.34%     78.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2711561     10.49%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1056249      4.09%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       567559      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       425706      1.65%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       237366      0.92%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       146628      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       130836      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       320738      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25842456                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     11240478                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     13777914                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              2065712                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1262987                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1862                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1977671                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        12414984                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       279876                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       320738                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           41648455                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          32683670                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                367174                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               2554132                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          11240478                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            13777914                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     11240478                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.564534                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.564534                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.389934                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.389934                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       67849006                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      20816725                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      15068560                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3726                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               28826589                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2241701                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2022591                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       119562                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       846673                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         798955                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         123535                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5381                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23734444                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             14094857                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2241701                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       922490                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2786300                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        375475                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       576554                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1364412                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       119983                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     27350259                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604614                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932700                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       24563959     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          98881      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         203008      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          85313      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         463949      1.70%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         412097      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          79128      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         166914      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1277010      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     27350259                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.077765                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.488953                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       23600107                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       712635                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2775988                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         8814                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       252710                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       196756                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          251                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     16526293                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1515                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       252710                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       23624793                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        513775                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       123170                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2761707                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        74099                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     16516108                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        31137                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        27091                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents          531                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     19397910                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     77783168                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     77783168                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     17175052                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        2222827                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         1927                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          980                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          189657                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      3895619                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      1968992                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18036                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        95198                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         16481031                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1934                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        15838973                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8479                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1285819                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3084065                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27350259                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579116                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376587                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21725093     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1680533      6.14%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1385751      5.07%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       597244      2.18%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       757561      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       733468      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       417258      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        32734      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        20617      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27350259                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         40149     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead       312346     86.39%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         9047      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9938048     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       138291      0.87%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          947      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3797299     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1964388     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     15838973                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.549457                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            361542                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022826                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59398226                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17769195                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15702056                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     16200515                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        28446                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       152946                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           70                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          413                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12318                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1400                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       252710                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        471796                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        20792                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16482986                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          187                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3895619                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1968992                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          980                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        14244                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           15                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          413                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        68712                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        71196                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       139908                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15726786                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3784215                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       112187                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            5748401                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        2060911                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          1964186                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.545565                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             15702642                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            15702056                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         8479938                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        16702784                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.544707                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.507696                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12750052                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     14982654                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1501972                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1911                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       121966                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27097549                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.552915                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376554                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21666045     79.96%     79.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1980758      7.31%     87.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       929798      3.43%     90.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       919793      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       249519      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1069887      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        80268      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        58046      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       143435      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27097549                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     12750052                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     14982654                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              5699347                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             3742673                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               954                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1978801                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        13322694                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       145014                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       143435                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           43438701                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          33222002                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                522023                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               1476330                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          12750052                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            14982654                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     12750052                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.260900                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.260900                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.442302                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.442302                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       77744488                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      18239631                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      19674439                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         1908                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               28826589                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        2332749                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1907290                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       230037                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       984008                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         920921                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         239345                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10190                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22664233                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             13229361                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           2332749                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1160266                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2772335                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        664668                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       406428                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1394794                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       231760                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     26272627                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615371                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966291                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       23500292     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         149820      0.57%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         237414      0.90%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         376411      1.43%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         157251      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         177376      0.68%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         185954      0.71%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         122936      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1365173      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     26272627                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.080924                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.458929                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       22458699                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       613975                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2763411                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         7204                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       429336                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       382801                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          273                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     16155127                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1623                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       429336                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       22491794                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        202134                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       314199                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2738114                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        97048                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     16145108                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents         3153                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        27605                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        36408                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4879                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     22411619                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     75098457                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     75098457                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     19137703                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        3273912                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         4020                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2168                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          293459                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1541208                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       827505                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        24685                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       188532                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         16121571                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4031                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        15264168                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19102                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2039548                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4523119                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          301                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26272627                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580991                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272634                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19835311     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2583232      9.83%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1414180      5.38%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       963307      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       899686      3.42%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       260073      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       201323      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        68512      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        47003      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26272627                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3583     12.58%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11058     38.83%     51.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13836     48.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12786950     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       240705      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1850      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1412061      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       822602      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     15264168                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.529517                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28477                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001866                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56848542                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18165352                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15017157                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     15292645                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        46115                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       278144                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           32                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          205                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        24708                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          977                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       429336                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        137951                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13470                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16125632                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1315                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1541208                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       827505                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2169                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9894                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          205                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       134248                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       131242                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       265490                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15046311                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1328396                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       217857                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  30                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            2150593                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        2117421                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           822197                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.521959                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             15017406                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            15017157                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         8780282                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        22935539                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.520948                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382824                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11241114                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     13778726                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2346947                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3730                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       234644                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25843291                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533165                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386279                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20246841     78.34%     78.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2711199     10.49%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1056306      4.09%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       566899      2.19%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       426186      1.65%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       237735      0.92%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       146656      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       130889      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       320580      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25843291                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     11241114                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     13778726                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              2065855                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1263062                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1862                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1977806                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        12415728                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       279904                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       320580                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           41648306                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          32680723                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                367274                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               2553962                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          11241114                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            13778726                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     11241114                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.564389                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.564389                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.389956                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.389956                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       67852863                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      20817644                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      15068308                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3724                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               28826589                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2332609                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1907592                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       230492                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       982340                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         920946                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         239533                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10222                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22665565                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             13228279                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2332609                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1160479                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2772275                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        665909                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       407992                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1395244                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       232073                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     26276253                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615289                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966214                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       23503978     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         149608      0.57%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         237464      0.90%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         377076      1.44%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         157176      0.60%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         176670      0.67%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         185743      0.71%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         123087      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1365451      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     26276253                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.080919                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.458892                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       22460430                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       615178                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2763409                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         7115                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       430119                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       382236                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          282                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     16154759                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1664                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       430119                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       22493583                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        198843                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       319504                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2738027                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        96175                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     16144770                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents         3101                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        27491                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        36502                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3869                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     22411152                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     75099002                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     75099002                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     19133649                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        3277503                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         4152                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2302                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          293299                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1542187                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       827646                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        24701                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       187939                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         16122529                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4167                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        15263523                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19125                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2043851                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4531875                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          435                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26276253                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580887                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272607                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19839114     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2583774      9.83%     85.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1413629      5.38%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       962988      3.66%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       900006      3.43%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       259791      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       201243      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        68574      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        47134      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26276253                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3603     12.64%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11054     38.79%     51.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13843     48.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12786863     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       240609      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1849      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1411668      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       822534      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     15263523                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.529495                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28500                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001867                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56850924                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18170751                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15016004                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     15292023                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        46306                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       279411                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           36                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          208                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        25038                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          980                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       430119                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        133235                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13280                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16126728                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          703                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1542187                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       827646                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2303                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9706                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          208                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       134660                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       131291                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       265951                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15045103                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1328096                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       218420                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  32                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            2150205                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        2116757                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           822109                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.521918                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             15016252                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            15016004                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         8779317                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        22937195                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.520908                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.382755                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11238717                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     13775707                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2351051                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3732                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       235086                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25846134                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532989                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386087                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20250489     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2711166     10.49%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1056150      4.09%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       566950      2.19%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       425697      1.65%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       237464      0.92%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       146859      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       130743      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       320616      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25846134                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     11238717                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     13775707                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              2065384                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1262776                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1862                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1977355                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        12412991                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       279827                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       320616                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           41652198                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          32683665                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                367443                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               2550336                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          11238717                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            13775707                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     11238717                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.564936                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.564936                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.389873                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.389873                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       67847417                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      20817540                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      15066968                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3728                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               28826589                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2378765                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1947315                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       234686                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       978797                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         934149                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         244539                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10640                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22871002                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             13298341                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2378765                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1178688                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2776031                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        642200                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       529935                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1401892                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       234911                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     26581483                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614451                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957494                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       23805452     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         129924      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         206192      0.78%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         277789      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         286086      1.08%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         241948      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         134910      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         199669      0.75%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1299513      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     26581483                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.082520                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.461322                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       22640028                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       763196                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2770849                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         3183                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       404226                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       390551                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          266                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     16318374                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1540                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       404226                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       22702543                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        152645                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       468549                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2712142                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       141375                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     16311592                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        18976                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        61806                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     22763251                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     75877396                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     75877396                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     19684023                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        3079228                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3912                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1976                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          423704                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1529718                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       825186                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9720                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       209993                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         16288341                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3924                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        15450653                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2228                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1831870                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4402122                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           26                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26581483                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581256                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271549                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20033870     75.37%     75.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2698624     10.15%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1366682      5.14%     90.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1024747      3.86%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       804738      3.03%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       326908      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       204670      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       107040      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14204      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26581483                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3054     11.68%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9969     38.11%     49.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13134     50.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12995016     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       230931      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1934      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1400058      9.06%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       822714      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     15450653                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.535986                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26157                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001693                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57511174                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18124210                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15215949                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     15476810                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31794                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       251186                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           76                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11927                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       404226                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        121005                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13418                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16292292                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7554                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1529718                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       825186                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1978                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11390                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           76                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       135773                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       132879                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       268652                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15235395                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1317035                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       215258                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            2139681                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        2164872                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           822646                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.528519                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             15216085                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            15215949                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         8738869                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        23546911                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.527844                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.371126                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11474595                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     14118985                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2173328                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3898                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       237393                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26177257                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539361                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386626                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20375600     77.84%     77.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2880732     11.00%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1084113      4.14%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       515878      1.97%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       441139      1.69%     96.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       249328      0.95%     97.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       216883      0.83%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        98773      0.38%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       314811      1.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26177257                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     11474595                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     14118985                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              2091791                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1278532                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1946                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          2036051                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        12720892                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       290705                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       314811                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           42154681                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          32988865                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                348544                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               2245106                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          11474595                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            14118985                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     11474595                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.512210                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.512210                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.398056                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.398056                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       68563173                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      21201095                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      15123080                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3892                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               28826589                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2334412                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1909020                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       229730                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       987773                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         921905                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         239628                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10162                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22670302                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             13239037                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2334412                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1161533                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2775010                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        663622                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       407117                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1395039                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       231290                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     26281309                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615637                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966551                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       23506299     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         149772      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         238093      0.91%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         377346      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         157263      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         177213      0.67%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         186537      0.71%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         122883      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1365903      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     26281309                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.080981                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.459265                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       22465351                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       614172                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2765967                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         7238                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       428579                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       382514                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          281                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     16166717                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1663                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       428579                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       22498105                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        197984                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       319121                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2741067                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        96451                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     16156268                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents         2736                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        27806                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        36114                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4945                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     22428740                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     75152901                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     75152901                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     19161042                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        3267691                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         4143                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2290                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          291274                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1542240                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       828396                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        24802                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       188650                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         16133285                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4154                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        15277511                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19006                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2037331                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4513203                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          418                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26281309                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581307                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272872                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19837995     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2586307      9.84%     85.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1414841      5.38%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       963924      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       900895      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       260516      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       201246      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        68566      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        47019      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26281309                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3583     12.56%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11069     38.80%     51.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13875     48.64%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12798088     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       240975      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1852      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1413097      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       823499      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     15277511                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.529980                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28527                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001867                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56883864                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18174972                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15031214                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     15306038                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        46607                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       277620                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           37                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          207                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        24626                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          981                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       428579                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        133640                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13471                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16137469                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1196                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1542240                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       828396                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2288                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9875                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          207                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       134309                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       130895                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       265204                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15060532                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1330050                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       216979                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  30                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            2153146                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        2119302                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           823096                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.522453                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             15031473                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            15031214                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         8789842                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        22962505                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.521436                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.382791                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11254805                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     13795538                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2341960                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3736                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       234339                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25852730                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533620                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386926                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20249732     78.33%     78.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2714682     10.50%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1057007      4.09%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       568135      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       426431      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       237583      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       146763      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       130956      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       321441      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25852730                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     11254805                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     13795538                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              2068389                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1264619                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1864                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1980230                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        12430860                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       280241                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       321441                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           41668709                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          32703626                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                367005                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               2545280                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          11254805                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            13795538                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     11254805                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.561270                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.561270                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.390431                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.390431                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       67918432                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      20838246                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      15080025                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3732                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               28826589                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2184787                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1954471                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175240                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1459491                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1434845                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128387                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5252                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23134502                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             12417591                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2184787                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1563232                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2768818                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        577014                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       339327                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1400674                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       171667                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     26643481                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.521305                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.761821                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       23874663     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         425772      1.60%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         210924      0.79%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         420490      1.58%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         131259      0.49%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         389835      1.46%     95.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          60741      0.23%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          96754      0.36%     96.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1033043      3.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     26643481                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.075791                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.430769                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       22847720                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       631708                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2763196                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         2256                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       398597                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       203213                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred         2207                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     13864724                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         5099                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       398597                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       22880193                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        373765                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       160481                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2733647                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        96794                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     13844322                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        10517                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        78036                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     18120993                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     62704005                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     62704005                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     14651095                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        3469875                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         1833                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          932                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          207912                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      2519440                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       398989                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3391                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        90883                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         13772017                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1839                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        12881328                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8515                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2515758                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5171565                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26643481                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.483470                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.094721                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20992817     78.79%     78.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1767000      6.63%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1905090      7.15%     92.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1105581      4.15%     96.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       560457      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       140102      0.53%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       165264      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3877      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3293      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26643481                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21222     57.28%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8637     23.31%     80.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7192     19.41%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10087507     78.31%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99399      0.77%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          902      0.01%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2298060     17.84%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       395460      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     12881328                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.446856                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37051                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002876                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52451699                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16289656                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12551909                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     12918379                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10294                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       516152                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           46                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10465                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       398597                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        245900                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11872                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13773873                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1774                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2519440                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       398989                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          931                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4558                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          251                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           46                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117693                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        68297                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       185990                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12718691                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2265589                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       162633                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  17                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            2661012                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1935020                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           395423                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.441214                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             12554821                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            12551909                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         7602369                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        16462198                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.435428                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.461808                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10002742                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     11239885                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2534550                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1818                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       173969                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26244884                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.428270                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.299398                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22069574     84.09%     84.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1632782      6.22%     90.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1057260      4.03%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       330602      1.26%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       555837      2.12%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105576      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67687      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61101      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       364465      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26244884                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     10002742                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     11239885                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              2391812                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             2003288                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1726466                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         9815775                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       138255                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       364465                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           39654815                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          27947809                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                516185                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               2183108                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          10002742                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            11239885                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     10002742                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.881869                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.881869                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.346997                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.346997                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       59151038                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      16334378                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      14759237                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         1816                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               28826589                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        2343589                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1921178                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       232008                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       956878                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         911554                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         239952                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10289                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22391715                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             13331004                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           2343589                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1151506                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2930384                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        659777                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       736558                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1381642                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       230316                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     26482829                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615729                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967562                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       23552445     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         317860      1.20%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         366105      1.38%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         201135      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         231315      0.87%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         127481      0.48%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          87230      0.33%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         227346      0.86%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1371912      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     26482829                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.081300                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.462455                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       22209788                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       922299                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2905678                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        23241                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       421819                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       380917                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred         2353                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     16277096                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts        12108                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       421819                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       22245432                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        274098                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       549733                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2894630                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        97113                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     16267138                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        22958                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        46489                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     22613071                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     75743589                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     75743589                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     19270948                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        3342112                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         4193                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2313                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          265323                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1553807                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       844901                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22258                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       187875                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         16240004                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4202                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        15338352                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21323                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2049649                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4747610                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          415                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26482829                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579181                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269072                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20024491     75.61%     75.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2592890      9.79%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1397005      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       968967      3.66%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       844620      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       431865      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       104783      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        67616      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        50592      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26482829                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3768     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14760     44.17%     55.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14888     44.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12840145     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       239858      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1877      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1417376      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       839096      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     15338352                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.532090                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             33416                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002179                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57214271                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18294029                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15079929                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     15371768                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38541                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       277278                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           93                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          177                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        19283                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          938                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       421819                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        222529                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14766                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16244223                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4980                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1553807                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       844901                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2311                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10611                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          177                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       133567                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       131050                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       264617                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15108863                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1330388                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       229488                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  17                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            2169229                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        2114494                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           838841                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.524129                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             15080166                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            15079929                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         8961929                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        23482755                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.523126                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.381639                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11315550                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     13882984                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2361362                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3787                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       233135                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26061010                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532711                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351695                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20390449     78.24%     78.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2629252     10.09%     88.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1103117      4.23%     92.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       660096      2.53%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       458843      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       296419      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       154587      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       123755      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244492      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26061010                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     11315550                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     13882984                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              2102147                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1276529                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              1890                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1987193                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        12515754                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       282435                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       244492                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           42060786                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          32910535                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                344994                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               2343760                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          11315550                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            13882984                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     11315550                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.547520                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.547520                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.392539                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.392539                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       68144209                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      20934327                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      15184711                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         3782                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               28826589                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2183448                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1953598                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175184                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1459893                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1435390                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         127957                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5263                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23132601                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             12409097                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2183448                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1563347                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2767663                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        576321                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       337406                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1400467                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       171694                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     26637870                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.521000                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.761220                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       23870207     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         425914      1.60%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         211474      0.79%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         420534      1.58%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         130801      0.49%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         389837      1.46%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          60344      0.23%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          96655      0.36%     96.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1032104      3.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     26637870                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.075744                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.430474                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       22847384                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       628235                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2762058                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         2228                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       397961                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       202964                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred         2210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     13853719                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         5102                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       397961                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       22879810                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        371749                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       159088                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2732473                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        96785                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     13833312                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        10546                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        77988                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     18106000                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     62648811                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     62648811                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     14643416                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        3462584                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         1831                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          931                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          207682                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      2517948                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       398197                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3446                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        90782                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         13760564                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1837                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        12871816                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8589                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2509756                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5155586                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26637870                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.483215                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.094232                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20988938     78.79%     78.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1767717      6.64%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1905616      7.15%     92.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1103853      4.14%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       560015      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       139647      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       164882      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3895      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3307      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26637870                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21317     57.41%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8628     23.24%     80.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7186     19.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10080259     78.31%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99338      0.77%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          901      0.01%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2296503     17.84%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       394815      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     12871816                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.446526                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37131                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002885                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52427222                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16272197                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12542529                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     12908947                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9653                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       515189                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           44                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10013                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       397961                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        244641                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11843                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13762414                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1813                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2517948                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       398197                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          930                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4546                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          259                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           44                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117851                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67693                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       185544                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12708830                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2264301                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       162986                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  13                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            2659077                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1933714                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           394776                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.440872                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             12545238                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            12542529                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7597460                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        16444661                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.435103                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.462002                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9998255                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     11234287                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2528685                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1817                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       173911                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26239909                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.428137                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.299107                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22065673     84.09%     84.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1633512      6.23%     90.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1055909      4.02%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       330945      1.26%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       555397      2.12%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105624      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67550      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61278      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       364021      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26239909                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      9998255                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     11234287                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              2390943                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             2002759                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1725636                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         9810737                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       138132                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       364021                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           39638821                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          27924231                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                515795                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               2188719                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           9998255                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            11234287                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      9998255                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.883162                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.883162                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.346841                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.346841                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       59105460                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      16321358                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      14749404                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         1814                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               28826589                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2610588                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2173373                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       238882                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       999327                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         952567                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         280191                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11103                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22687257                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             14318096                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2610588                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1232758                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2983164                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        665681                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       791531                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1410689                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       228427                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     26886572                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654382                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029752                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       23903408     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         183159      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         230401      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         367289      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         152615      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         197591      0.73%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         230691      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         105635      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1515783      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     26886572                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.090562                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.496698                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       22552850                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       938880                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2968958                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         1519                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       424360                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       397399                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          260                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     17498342                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1486                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       424360                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       22576126                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         73539                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       800875                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2947234                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        64428                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     17391046                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         9310                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        44770                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     24291771                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     80864326                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     80864326                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     20294067                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        3997704                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         4203                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2189                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          228635                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1627920                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       850780                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9744                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       189925                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         16976074                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4216                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        16279552                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17101                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2075491                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4229082                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          160                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26886572                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605490                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326907                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19993499     74.36%     74.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3140404     11.68%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1286109      4.78%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       720162      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       978139      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       300239      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       296032      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       159403      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12585      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26886572                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        112668     79.16%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15091     10.60%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14562     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13714721     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       222344      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         2013      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1492570      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       847904      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     16279552                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.564741                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            142321                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008742                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59605098                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     19055889                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15852841                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     16421873                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        12107                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       308834                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          110                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12539                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       424360                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         56161                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7065                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16980294                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        12864                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1627920                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       850780                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2190                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6151                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          110                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       140245                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       134856                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       275101                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15993984                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1467673                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       285568                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            2315459                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        2261422                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           847786                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.554834                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             15852944                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            15852841                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         9498420                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        25512728                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.549938                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.372301                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11806316                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     14548314                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2432072                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4056                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       240732                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26462212                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549777                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370285                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20305985     76.74%     76.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3119990     11.79%     88.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1131261      4.28%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       565378      2.14%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       515963      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       217345      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       214672      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       101885      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       289733      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26462212                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     11806316                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     14548314                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              2157327                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1319086                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              2024                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          2108784                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        13098206                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       300415                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       289733                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           43152787                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          34385152                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                345954                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               1940017                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          11806316                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            14548314                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     11806316                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.441624                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.441624                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.409563                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.409563                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       71964356                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      22153354                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      16184038                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         4052                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               28826589                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2331643                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1906940                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       230002                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       982606                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         920700                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         239772                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10235                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22653515                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             13224388                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2331643                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1160472                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2771798                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        664169                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       411829                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1394229                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       231529                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     26266319                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615285                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966104                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       23494521     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         149384      0.57%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         238472      0.91%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         376871      1.43%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         156671      0.60%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         176821      0.67%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         186365      0.71%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         122350      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1364864      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     26266319                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.080885                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.458757                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       22447229                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       620217                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2762870                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         7118                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       428883                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       381941                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          273                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     16148409                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1628                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       428883                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       22480708                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        200838                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       320789                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2737134                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        97965                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     16137841                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents         2633                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        27553                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        36716                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5273                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     22402439                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     75068383                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     75068383                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     19139155                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        3263260                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         4137                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2286                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          295096                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1540092                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       827388                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        24712                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       188417                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         16114744                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4150                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        15258204                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19012                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2033476                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4516052                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          418                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26266319                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580904                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272614                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19830878     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2583726      9.84%     85.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1413313      5.38%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       962251      3.66%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       899513      3.42%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       259351      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       201785      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        68434      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        47068      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26266319                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3587     12.59%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11015     38.67%     51.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13883     48.74%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12781823     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       240685      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1850      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1411466      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       822380      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     15258204                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.529310                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28485                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001867                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56830218                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18152572                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15011851                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     15286689                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        46288                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       276914                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           40                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          208                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        24521                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          983                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       428883                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        136562                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13522                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16118925                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1260                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1540092                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       827388                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2287                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9948                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          208                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       134622                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       130723                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       265345                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15041013                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1328292                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       217185                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  31                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            2150279                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        2116134                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           821987                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.521776                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             15012102                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            15011851                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         8777827                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        22929591                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.520764                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.382817                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11241977                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     13779799                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2339161                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3732                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       234599                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25837436                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533327                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386732                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20241305     78.34%     78.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2711447     10.49%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1055609      4.09%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       567329      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       425623      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       237611      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       146375      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       130746      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       321391      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25837436                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     11241977                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     13779799                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              2066042                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1263175                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1862                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1977961                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        12416688                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       279923                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       321391                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           41634927                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          32666861                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                367157                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               2560270                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          11241977                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            13779799                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     11241977                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.564192                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.564192                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.389986                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.389986                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       67832474                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      20810162                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      15063016                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3728                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               28826589                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2182594                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1952540                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175388                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1460765                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1435202                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128301                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5310                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23137238                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             12405522                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2182594                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1563503                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2767137                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        576569                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       336757                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1400840                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       171837                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     26641372                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520805                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.760797                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       23874235     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         425872      1.60%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         210760      0.79%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         420607      1.58%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         131449      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         390147      1.46%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          60411      0.23%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          96391      0.36%     96.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1031500      3.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     26641372                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.075715                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.430350                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       22861056                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       618587                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2761459                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         2265                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       398001                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       202868                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred         2210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     13850144                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         5107                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       398001                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       22892416                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        365928                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       158235                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2732679                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        94109                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     13829874                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        10519                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        75355                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     18099368                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     62636262                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     62636262                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     14641579                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        3457783                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         1835                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          935                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          203966                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      2518011                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       398279                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3333                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        90499                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         13757661                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1843                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        12870863                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8572                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2508542                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5151060                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           24                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26641372                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.483116                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.094140                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20993640     78.80%     78.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1766151      6.63%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1905933      7.15%     92.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1103488      4.14%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       560708      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       139642      0.52%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       164618      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3904      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3288      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26641372                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21250     57.28%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8651     23.32%     80.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7198     19.40%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10078991     78.31%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99255      0.77%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          901      0.01%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2296919     17.85%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       394797      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     12870863                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.446493                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37099                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002882                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52428769                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16268088                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12541285                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     12907962                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9648                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       515353                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           17                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           44                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10156                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       398001                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        243927                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11486                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13759522                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1815                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2518011                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       398279                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          934                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4505                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          256                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           44                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118075                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67694                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       185769                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12707993                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2264494                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       162870                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  18                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            2659262                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1933553                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           394768                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.440843                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             12544277                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            12541285                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         7595690                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        16445322                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.435060                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.461875                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9997207                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     11233006                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2527062                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1819                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       174115                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26243371                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.428032                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298997                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22070170     84.10%     84.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1632589      6.22%     90.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1056027      4.02%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       330381      1.26%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       555715      2.12%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105730      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67516      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61330      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       363913      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26243371                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      9997207                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     11233006                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              2390777                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             2002654                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1725446                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         9809592                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       138107                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       363913                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           39639487                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          27918467                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                516497                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               2185217                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           9997207                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            11233006                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      9997207                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.883464                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.883464                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.346805                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.346805                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       59102351                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      16318454                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      14745659                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         1818                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                          39405                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32762.517004                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1471959                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          72165                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          20.397132                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           281.036521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    17.936214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   848.592464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    23.567022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   679.439242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    19.451915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   878.665064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    20.592573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   584.778086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    21.408879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1185.019530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    21.216476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1582.734253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    20.709252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1199.487636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    21.055556                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1191.585269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    23.296245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   662.249828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    22.059998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1182.832033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    16.514704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   848.268261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    18.796746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   861.637764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    19.226542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   862.302919                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    21.171043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   566.093574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    19.940414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1205.857835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    19.226843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   857.999194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1182.070798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           864.053007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1056.991678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           713.413761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1117.975337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1226.006835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1128.778271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1159.100355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           880.922508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1192.925068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1162.422111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1118.880692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1161.002022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           737.470388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1099.859204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1155.895075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.008577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.025897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.020735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.026815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.017846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.036164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.048301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.036605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.036364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.020210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.036097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.025887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.026295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.026315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.017276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.036800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.026184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.036074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.026369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.032257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.021772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.034118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.037415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.034448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.035373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.026884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.036405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.035474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.034146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.035431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.022506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.033565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.035275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3978                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2902                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3923                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2834                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4793                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         5376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4817                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4830                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2930                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4917                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4011                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3977                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4801                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3954                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   64886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            17331                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 17331                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   236                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2920                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         5385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4847                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3986                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3986                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2869                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4819                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    65122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3987                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2920                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3941                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2850                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4811                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         5385                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4835                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4847                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2948                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4935                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4019                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3986                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3986                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2869                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4819                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3963                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   65122                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2035                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1616                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1369                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3352                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3808                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3346                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3320                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1594                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3267                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2025                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2110                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2045                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3364                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2051                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 39378                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1616                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3808                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3346                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3321                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1594                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1334                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3364                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  39381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2035                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1616                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2191                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1369                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3352                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3808                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3346                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3321                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1594                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3267                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2026                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2111                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2045                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1334                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3364                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2051                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 39381                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4881741                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    335122162                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6454996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    269476849                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5957221                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    367327900                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5425061                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    228471087                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5330576                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    554995882                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5727341                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    630210406                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5481787                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    553286480                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6059379                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    549478033                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6662687                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    263476795                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5746999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    543106591                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4384146                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    333764875                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5983531                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    353729184                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4839225                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    337114402                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6021135                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    223322010                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5405235                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    555620458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4682421                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    338249883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6525796478                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       199449                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       164180                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       140900                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total        504529                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4881741                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    335122162                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6454996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    269476849                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5957221                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    367327900                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5425061                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    228471087                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5330576                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    554995882                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5727341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    630210406                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5481787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    553286480                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6059379                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    549677482                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6662687                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    263476795                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5746999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    543106591                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4384146                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    333929055                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5983531                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    353870084                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4839225                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    337114402                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6021135                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    223322010                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5405235                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    555620458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4682421                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    338249883                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       6526301007                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4881741                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    335122162                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6454996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    269476849                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5957221                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    367327900                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5425061                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    228471087                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5330576                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    554995882                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5727341                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    630210406                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5481787                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    553286480                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6059379                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    549677482                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6662687                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    263476795                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5746999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    543106591                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4384146                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    333929055                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5983531                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    353870084                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4839225                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    337114402                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6021135                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    223322010                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5405235                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    555620458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4682421                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    338249883                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      6526301007                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         6013                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         4518                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         6114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         9184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8163                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8150                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4524                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         6036                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         6078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         6022                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4188                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         8165                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         6005                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              104264                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        17331                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             17331                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           19                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               239                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         6022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         4536                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         6132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         9193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         6045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         6097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         6031                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         8183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         6014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               104503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         6022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         4536                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         6132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         9193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         6045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         6097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         6031                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         8183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         6014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              104503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.338433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.357680                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.358358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.325720                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.411541                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.414634                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.409898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.407362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.352343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.399194                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.335487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.347154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.339588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.318529                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.412002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.341549                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.377676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.055556                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.111111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.052632                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.012552                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.337928                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.356261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.357306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.324484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.410633                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.414228                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.408996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.406587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.350947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.398317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.335153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.346236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.339081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.317392                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.411096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.341038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.376841                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.337928                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.356261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.357306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.324484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.410633                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.414228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.408996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.406587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.350947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.398317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.335153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.346236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.339081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.317392                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.411096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.341038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.376841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 162724.700000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 164679.195086                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 165512.717949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 166755.475866                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161005.972973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 167653.080785                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 159560.617647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 166889.033601                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 156781.647059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 165571.563842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 163638.314286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 165496.430147                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 156622.485714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 165357.585176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 168316.083333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 165505.431627                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 166567.175000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 165292.845044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 164199.971429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 166240.156413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156576.642857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 164822.160494                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 166209.194444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 167644.163033                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156104.032258                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 164848.118337                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 162733.378378                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 167407.803598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 158977.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 165166.604637                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 156080.700000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 164919.494393                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165721.887297                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       199449                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       164180                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       140900                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168176.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 162724.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 164679.195086                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 165512.717949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 166755.475866                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161005.972973                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 167653.080785                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 159560.617647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 166889.033601                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 156781.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 165571.563842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 163638.314286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 165496.430147                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 156622.485714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 165357.585176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 168316.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 165515.652514                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 166567.175000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 165292.845044                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 164199.971429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 166240.156413                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156576.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 164821.843534                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 166209.194444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 167631.494079                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156104.032258                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 164848.118337                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 162733.378378                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 167407.803598                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 158977.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 165166.604637                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 156080.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 164919.494393                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165722.074274                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 162724.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 164679.195086                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 165512.717949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 166755.475866                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161005.972973                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 167653.080785                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 159560.617647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 166889.033601                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 156781.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 165571.563842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 163638.314286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 165496.430147                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 156622.485714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 165357.585176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 168316.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 165515.652514                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 166567.175000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 165292.845044                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 164199.971429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 166240.156413                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156576.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 164821.843534                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 166209.194444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 167631.494079                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156104.032258                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 164848.118337                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 162733.378378                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 167407.803598                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 158977.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 165166.604637                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 156080.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 164919.494393                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165722.074274                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 9082                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      9082                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            39378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total              3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             39381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2035                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1616                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1369                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3352                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3808                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3321                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1594                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2026                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1334                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3364                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2051                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            39381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3138812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    216611877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4184643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    175400416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3803866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    239746895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3446270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    148760002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3356923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    359833328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3688605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    408548937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3445667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    358526980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3966006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    356222671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4334518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    170635297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3710362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    352870407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2756487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    215825661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3888513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    230851677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3036020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    218010185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3869146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    145648749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3428086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    359773766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2938356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    218773699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4233032827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       140987                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       105845                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        82190                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       329022                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3138812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    216611877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4184643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    175400416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3803866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    239746895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3446270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    148760002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3356923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    359833328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3688605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    408548937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3445667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    358526980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3966006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    356363658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4334518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    170635297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3710362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    352870407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2756487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    215931506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3888513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    230933867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3036020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    218010185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3869146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    145648749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3428086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    359773766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2938356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    218773699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4233361849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3138812                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    216611877                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4184643                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    175400416                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3803866                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    239746895                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3446270                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    148760002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3356923                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    359833328                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3688605                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    408548937                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3445667                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    358526980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3966006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    356363658                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4334518                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    170635297                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3710362                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    352870407                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2756487                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    215931506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3888513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    230933867                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3036020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    218010185                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3869146                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    145648749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3428086                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    359773766                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2938356                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    218773699                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4233361849                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.338433                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.357680                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.358358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.325720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.411541                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.414634                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.409898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.407362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.352343                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.399194                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.335487                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.347154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.339588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.318529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.412002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.341549                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.377676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.055556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.111111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.052632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.337928                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.356261                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.357306                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.324484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.410633                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.414228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.408996                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.406587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.350947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.398317                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.335153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.346236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.339081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.317392                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.411096                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.341038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.376841                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.337928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.356261                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.357306                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.324484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.410633                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.414228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.408996                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.406587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.350947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.398317                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.335153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.346236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.339081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.317392                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.411096                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.341038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.376841                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 104627.066667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106443.182801                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 107298.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108539.861386                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 102807.189189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 109423.502967                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 101360.882353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 108663.259313                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 98733.029412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 107348.844869                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 105388.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 107287.010767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 98447.628571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107150.920502                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 110166.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107295.985241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 108362.950000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107048.492472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 106010.342857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 108010.531680                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 98445.964286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106580.573333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 108014.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109408.377725                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 97936.129032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106606.447433                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 104571.513514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 109181.970765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 100826.058824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106948.206302                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 97945.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106666.844954                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107497.405328                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       140987                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       105845                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        82190                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       109674                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 104627.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106443.182801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 107298.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108539.861386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 102807.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 109423.502967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 101360.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 108663.259313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 98733.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 107348.844869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 105388.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 107287.010767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 98447.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107150.920502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 110166.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107306.130081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 108362.950000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107048.492472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 106010.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 108010.531680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 98445.964286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106580.210267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 108014.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109395.484131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 97936.129032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106606.447433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 104571.513514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 109181.970765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 100826.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106948.206302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 97945.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106666.844954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107497.571138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 104627.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106443.182801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 107298.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108539.861386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 102807.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 109423.502967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 101360.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 108663.259313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 98733.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 107348.844869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 105388.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 107287.010767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 98447.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107150.920502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 110166.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107306.130081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 108362.950000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107048.492472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 106010.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 108010.531680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 98445.964286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106580.210267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 108014.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109395.484131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 97936.129032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106606.447433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 104571.513514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 109181.970765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 100826.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106948.206302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 97945.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106666.844954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107497.571138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              552.463277                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001432740                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1794682.329749                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    26.294018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   526.169259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.042138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.843220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.885358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1400471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1400471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1400471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1400471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1400471                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1400471                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6397068                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6397068                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6397068                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6397068                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6397068                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6397068                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1400509                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1400509                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1400509                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1400509                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1400509                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1400509                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 168343.894737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168343.894737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 168343.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168343.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 168343.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168343.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5505959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5505959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5505959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5505959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5505959                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5505959                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 177611.580645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177611.580645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 177611.580645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177611.580645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 177611.580645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177611.580645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 6022                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              221205153                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 6278                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             35234.971806                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   184.647514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    71.352486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.721279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.278721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2072883                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2072883                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       386426                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386426                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          924                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          924                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2459309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        2459309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2459309                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       2459309                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20634                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20634                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        20679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20679                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        20679                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2337923779                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2337923779                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      3897302                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3897302                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2341821081                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2341821081                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2341821081                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2341821081                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2093517                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2093517                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       386471                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386471                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          924                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          924                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2479988                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2479988                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2479988                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2479988                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009856                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009856                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 113304.438257                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113304.438257                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 86606.711111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86606.711111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 113246.340781                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113246.340781                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 113246.340781                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113246.340781                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          742                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             742                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14657                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14657                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         6013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         6022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         6022                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6022                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    625375324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    625375324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       624205                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       624205                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    625999529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    625999529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    625999529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    625999529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002872                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002872                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002428                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002428                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002428                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002428                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104003.878929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104003.878929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 69356.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69356.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 103952.097144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103952.097144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 103952.097144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103952.097144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              507.164331                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1074537133                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             2082436.304264                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    32.164331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.051545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.812763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1401596                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1401596                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1401596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1401596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1401596                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1401596                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8509689                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8509689                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8509689                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8509689                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8509689                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8509689                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1401646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1401646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1401646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1401646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1401646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1401646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 170193.780000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170193.780000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 170193.780000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170193.780000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 170193.780000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170193.780000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7113934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7113934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7113934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7113934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7113934                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7113934                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 173510.585366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173510.585366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 173510.585366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173510.585366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 173510.585366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173510.585366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 4536                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              163966057                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 4792                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             34216.622913                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   221.537541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    34.462459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.865381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.134619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       962598                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        962598                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       808678                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       808678                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1967                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1967                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1945                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1945                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1771276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1771276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1771276                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1771276                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        14561                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14561                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        14665                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        14665                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        14665                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        14665                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1828569495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1828569495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      8711349                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8711349                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1837280844                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1837280844                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1837280844                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1837280844                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       977159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       977159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       808782                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       808782                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1967                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1967                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1945                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1945                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1785941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1785941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1785941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1785941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.014901                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014901                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008211                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008211                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 125579.939221                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125579.939221                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 83762.971154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83762.971154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 125283.385203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125283.385203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 125283.385203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125283.385203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          944                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             944                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        10043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        10129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        10129                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10129                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         4518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         4536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         4536                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4536                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    480221211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    480221211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1166548                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1166548                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    481387759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    481387759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    481387759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    481387759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106290.662019                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106290.662019                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 64808.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64808.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106126.049162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106126.049162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106126.049162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106126.049162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              511.926668                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1076048884                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             2069324.776923                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    29.926668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.047959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1381057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1381057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1381057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1381057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1381057                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1381057                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7710061                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7710061                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7710061                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7710061                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7710061                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7710061                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1381105                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1381105                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1381105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1381105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1381105                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1381105                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160626.270833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160626.270833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160626.270833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160626.270833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160626.270833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160626.270833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6394710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6394710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6394710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6394710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6394710                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6394710                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 168281.842105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168281.842105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 168281.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168281.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 168281.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168281.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 6132                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              170148803                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 6388                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             26635.692392                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   227.545184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    28.454816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.888848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.111152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       970988                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        970988                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       820735                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       820735                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1933                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1933                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1889                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1889                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1791723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1791723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1791723                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1791723                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20867                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20867                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          264                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          264                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        21131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        21131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        21131                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        21131                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2742003449                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2742003449                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     31230415                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31230415                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2773233864                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2773233864                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2773233864                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2773233864                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       991855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       991855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       820999                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       820999                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1933                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1933                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1889                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1889                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1812854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1812854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1812854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1812854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000322                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000322                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 131403.816984                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131403.816984                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 118297.026515                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118297.026515                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 131240.067389                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 131240.067389                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 131240.067389                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 131240.067389                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2054                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            2054                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          246                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          246                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14999                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14999                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         6114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         6132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         6132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    654802585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    654802585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1232046                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1232046                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    656034631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    656034631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    656034631                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    656034631                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003383                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003383                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003383                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003383                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 107098.885345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107098.885345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        68447                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        68447                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106985.425799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106985.425799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106985.425799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106985.425799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              486.198398                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1077533939                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             2194570.140530                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    31.198398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.049997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.779164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1409925                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1409925                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1409925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1409925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1409925                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1409925                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7755299                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7755299                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7755299                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7755299                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7755299                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7755299                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1409971                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1409971                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1409971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1409971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1409971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1409971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 168593.456522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168593.456522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 168593.456522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168593.456522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 168593.456522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168593.456522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6124445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6124445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6124445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6124445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6124445                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6124445                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 170123.472222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170123.472222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 170123.472222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170123.472222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 170123.472222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170123.472222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 4219                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              160314164                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 4475                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             35824.394190                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   221.097527                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    34.902473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.863662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.136338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1124372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1124372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       834269                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       834269                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2180                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2180                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2026                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2026                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1958641                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1958641                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1958641                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1958641                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        10811                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10811                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           93                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           93                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        10904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        10904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        10904                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        10904                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1203564670                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1203564670                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      6729070                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6729070                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1210293740                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1210293740                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1210293740                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1210293740                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1135183                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1135183                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       834362                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       834362                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         2180                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2180                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         2026                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2026                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1969545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1969545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1969545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1969545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009524                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009524                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000111                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005536                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005536                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 111327.783739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111327.783739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 72355.591398                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72355.591398                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 110995.390682                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110995.390682                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 110995.390682                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110995.390682                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          917                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             917                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         6608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         6685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         6685                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6685                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    431431258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    431431258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1139824                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1139824                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    432571082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    432571082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    432571082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    432571082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003702                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003702                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102648.407804                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102648.407804                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        71239                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        71239                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102529.291775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102529.291775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102529.291775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102529.291775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              520.079120                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1080581103                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             2058249.720000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    30.079120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.048204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1394626                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1394626                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1394626                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1394626                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1394626                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1394626                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7174109                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7174109                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7174109                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7174109                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7174109                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7174109                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1394670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1394670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1394670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1394670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1394670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1394670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 163047.931818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163047.931818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 163047.931818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163047.931818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 163047.931818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163047.931818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5806669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5806669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5806669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5806669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5806669                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5806669                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 165904.828571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165904.828571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 165904.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165904.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 165904.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165904.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 8163                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              178889332                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 8419                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             21248.287445                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   228.812460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    27.187540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.893799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.106201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       966761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        966761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       798856                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       798856                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1863                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1863                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1765617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1765617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1765617                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1765617                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          102                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          102                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        21098                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        21098                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        21098                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        21098                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2606972108                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2606972108                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      8679806                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8679806                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2615651914                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2615651914                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2615651914                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2615651914                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       987757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       987757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       798958                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       798958                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         2186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1863                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1863                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1786715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1786715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1786715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1786715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.011808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.011808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 124165.179463                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124165.179463                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 85096.137255                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85096.137255                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 123976.296995                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123976.296995                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 123976.296995                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123976.296995                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          993                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             993                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        12851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        12935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        12935                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12935                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8163                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8163                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    911716939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    911716939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1232072                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1232072                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    912949011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    912949011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    912949011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    912949011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008246                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008246                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 111935.781338                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111935.781338                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 68448.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68448.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 111839.888644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111839.888644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 111839.888644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111839.888644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              572.739427                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1108891681                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1915184.250432                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    31.150242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   541.589185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.049920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.867931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.917852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1364363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1364363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1364363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1364363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1364363                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1364363                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8106692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8106692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8106692                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8106692                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8106692                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8106692                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1364412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1364412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1364412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1364412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1364412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1364412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 165442.693878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165442.693878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 165442.693878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165442.693878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 165442.693878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165442.693878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6144158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6144158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6144158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6144158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6144158                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6144158                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 170671.055556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170671.055556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 170671.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170671.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 170671.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170671.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 9193                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              440733406                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 9449                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             46643.391470                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   111.166549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   144.833451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.434244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.565756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      3571371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3571371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1954716                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1954716                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          959                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          959                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          954                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          954                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      5526087                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        5526087                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      5526087                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       5526087                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        32672                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32672                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           28                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           28                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        32700                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        32700                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        32700                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        32700                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3984655247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3984655247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      2192803                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2192803                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3986848050                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3986848050                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3986848050                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3986848050                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      3604043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3604043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1954744                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1954744                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          959                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          959                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          954                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          954                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      5558787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5558787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      5558787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5558787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009065                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009065                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000014                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 121959.330528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121959.330528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 78314.392857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78314.392857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 121921.958716                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121921.958716                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 121921.958716                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121921.958716                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1472                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            1472                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        23488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        23507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        23507                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23507                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         9184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         9193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         9193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         9193                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9193                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1043870822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1043870822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       600031                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       600031                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1044470853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1044470853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1044470853                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1044470853                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 113661.892639                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113661.892639                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 66670.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66670.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 113615.887414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113615.887414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 113615.887414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113615.887414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              520.302785                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1080581224                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             2054336.927757                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    30.302785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.048562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1394747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1394747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1394747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1394747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1394747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1394747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7501841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7501841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7501841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7501841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7501841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7501841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1394794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1394794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1394794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1394794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1394794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1394794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159613.638298                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159613.638298                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159613.638298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159613.638298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159613.638298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159613.638298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5955176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5955176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5955176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5955176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5955176                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5955176                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 165421.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165421.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 165421.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165421.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 165421.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165421.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 8181                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              178888901                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 8437                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             21202.903994                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   228.818064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    27.181936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.893821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.106179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       966331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        966331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       798920                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       798920                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2122                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2122                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1862                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1862                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1765251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1765251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1765251                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1765251                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20994                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20994                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          107                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          107                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        21101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        21101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        21101                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        21101                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2608032346                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2608032346                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      9053922                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9053922                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2617086268                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2617086268                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2617086268                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2617086268                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       987325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       987325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       799027                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       799027                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         2122                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2122                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1862                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1862                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1786352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1786352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1786352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1786352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011812                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011812                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011812                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011812                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 124227.510050                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124227.510050                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 84616.093458                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84616.093458                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 124026.646510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124026.646510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 124026.646510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124026.646510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          975                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             975                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        12831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           89                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           89                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        12920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        12920                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12920                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8181                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8181                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    914961536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    914961536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1222948                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1222948                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    916184484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    916184484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    916184484                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    916184484                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004580                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004580                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004580                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004580                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 112086.430969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112086.430969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 67941.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67941.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 111989.302530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111989.302530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 111989.302530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111989.302530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              520.536537                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1080581673                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2050439.607211                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    30.536537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.048937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1395196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1395196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1395196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1395196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1395196                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1395196                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8665699                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8665699                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8665699                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8665699                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8665699                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8665699                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1395244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1395244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1395244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1395244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1395244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1395244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 180535.395833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 180535.395833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 180535.395833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 180535.395833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 180535.395833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 180535.395833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6823478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6823478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6823478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6823478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6823478                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6823478                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 184418.324324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184418.324324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 184418.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184418.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 184418.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184418.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 8168                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              178888315                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 8424                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             21235.554962                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   228.814658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    27.185342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.893807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.106193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       965810                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        965810                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       798729                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       798729                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2246                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2246                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1864                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1864                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1764539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1764539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1764539                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1764539                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20969                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20969                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          111                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          111                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        21080                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        21080                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        21080                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        21080                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2593538140                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2593538140                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     10256281                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     10256281                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2603794421                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2603794421                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2603794421                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2603794421                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       986779                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       986779                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       798840                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       798840                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         2246                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2246                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1864                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1864                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1785619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1785619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1785619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1785619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021250                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021250                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011805                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011805                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011805                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011805                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 123684.397921                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123684.397921                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92398.927928                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92398.927928                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 123519.659440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123519.659440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 123519.659440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123519.659440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          998                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             998                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        12819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           93                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           93                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        12912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        12912                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12912                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    911760339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    911760339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1345672                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1345672                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    913106011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    913106011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    913106011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    913106011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 111872.434233                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111872.434233                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 74759.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74759.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 111790.647772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111790.647772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 111790.647772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111790.647772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              508.532915                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1074537378                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             2074396.482625                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    33.532915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.053739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.814957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1401841                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1401841                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1401841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1401841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1401841                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1401841                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8754581                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8754581                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8754581                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8754581                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8754581                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8754581                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1401892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1401892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1401892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1401892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1401892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1401892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 171658.450980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171658.450980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 171658.450980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171658.450980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 171658.450980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171658.450980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7386454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7386454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7386454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7386454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7386454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7386454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       171778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       171778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       171778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       171778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       171778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       171778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 4542                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              163967759                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 4798                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             34174.189037                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   221.535287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    34.464713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.865372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.134628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       963568                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        963568                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       809427                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       809427                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1949                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1949                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1946                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1946                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1772995                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1772995                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1772995                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1772995                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        14571                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14571                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        14676                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        14676                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        14676                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        14676                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1813941074                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1813941074                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      8785672                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8785672                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1822726746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1822726746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1822726746                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1822726746                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       978139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       978139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       809532                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       809532                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1949                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1949                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1946                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1946                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1787671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1787671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1787671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1787671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.014897                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014897                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 124489.813602                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124489.813602                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 83673.066667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83673.066667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 124197.788635                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124197.788635                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 124197.788635                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124197.788635                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          946                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             946                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        10047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        10134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        10134                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10134                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4542                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4542                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    476803123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    476803123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1198745                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1198745                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    478001868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    478001868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    478001868                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    478001868                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004625                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004625                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105394.147436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105394.147436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 66596.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66596.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105240.393659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105240.393659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105240.393659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105240.393659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              519.457546                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1080581467                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             2054337.389734                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    29.457546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.047208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1394990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1394990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1394990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1394990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1394990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1394990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8264830                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8264830                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8264830                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8264830                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8264830                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8264830                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1395039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1395039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1395039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1395039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1395039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1395039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       168670                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       168670                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       168670                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       168670                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       168670                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       168670                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6240737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6240737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6240737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6240737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6240737                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6240737                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 173353.805556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173353.805556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 173353.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173353.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 173353.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173353.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 8202                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              178890579                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 8458                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             21150.458619                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   228.828996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    27.171004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.893863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.106137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       966919                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        966919                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       799887                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       799887                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2241                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2241                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1866                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1866                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1766806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1766806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1766806                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1766806                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        21071                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        21071                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          110                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          110                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        21181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        21181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        21181                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        21181                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2603082188                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2603082188                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      8766640                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8766640                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2611848828                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2611848828                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2611848828                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2611848828                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       987990                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       987990                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       799997                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       799997                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         2241                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2241                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1866                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1866                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1787987                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1787987                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1787987                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1787987                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011846                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011846                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011846                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011846                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 123538.616487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123538.616487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 79696.727273                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79696.727273                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 123310.930929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123310.930929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 123310.930929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123310.930929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1025                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            1025                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        12887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           92                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           92                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        12979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        12979                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12979                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8202                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8202                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    909451064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    909451064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1173025                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1173025                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    910624089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    910624089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    910624089                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    910624089                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008283                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008283                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 111125.496579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111125.496579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 65168.055556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65168.055556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 111024.638990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111024.638990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 111024.638990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111024.638990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              551.518106                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1001432906                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1801138.320144                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    25.349004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   526.169102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.040623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.843220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.883843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1400637                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1400637                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1400637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1400637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1400637                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1400637                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5803625                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5803625                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5803625                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5803625                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5803625                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5803625                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1400674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1400674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1400674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1400674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1400674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1400674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156854.729730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156854.729730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156854.729730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156854.729730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156854.729730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156854.729730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4866083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4866083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4866083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4866083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4866083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4866083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 167795.965517                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167795.965517                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 167795.965517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167795.965517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 167795.965517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167795.965517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 6045                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              221206149                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 6301                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             35106.514680                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   184.849361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    71.150639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.722068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.277932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2073671                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2073671                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       386640                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386640                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          918                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          918                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2460311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        2460311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2460311                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       2460311                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20666                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20666                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           46                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           46                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20712                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        20712                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20712                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        20712                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2341517842                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2341517842                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      5015904                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5015904                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2346533746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2346533746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2346533746                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2346533746                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2094337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2094337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       386686                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386686                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          918                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          918                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2481023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2481023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2481023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2481023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009868                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009868                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008348                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008348                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008348                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008348                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 113302.905352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113302.905352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 109041.391304                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109041.391304                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 113293.440807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113293.440807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 113293.440807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113293.440807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          728                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             728                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        14630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           37                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           37                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        14667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        14667                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14667                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         6036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         6045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         6045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    625268016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    625268016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       745245                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       745245                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    626013261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    626013261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    626013261                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    626013261                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002436                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002436                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002436                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002436                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103589.797217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103589.797217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        82805                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        82805                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103558.852109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103558.852109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103558.852109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103558.852109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              511.322036                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1076049423                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             2073312.953757                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    29.322036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.046990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1381596                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1381596                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1381596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1381596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1381596                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1381596                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7724894                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7724894                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7724894                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7724894                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7724894                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7724894                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1381642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1381642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1381642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1381642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1381642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1381642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 167932.478261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167932.478261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 167932.478261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167932.478261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 167932.478261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167932.478261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6459890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6459890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6459890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6459890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6459890                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6459890                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 174591.621622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174591.621622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 174591.621622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174591.621622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 174591.621622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174591.621622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 6097                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              170150370                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 6353                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             26782.680623                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   227.558083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    28.441917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.888899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.111101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       971993                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        971993                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       821293                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       821293                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1935                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1935                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1891                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1891                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1793286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1793286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1793286                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1793286                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        20901                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20901                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          268                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          268                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        21169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        21169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        21169                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        21169                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2741094655                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2741094655                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     31523146                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31523146                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2772617801                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2772617801                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2772617801                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2772617801                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       992894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       992894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       821561                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       821561                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1935                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1935                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1891                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1891                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1814455                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1814455                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1814455                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1814455                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.021051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000326                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000326                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 131146.579350                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131146.579350                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 117623.679104                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117623.679104                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 130975.379139                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130975.379139                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 130975.379139                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130975.379139                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2123                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            2123                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        14823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        15072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        15072                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15072                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         6078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         6097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         6097                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6097                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    642550656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    642550656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1366277                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1366277                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    643916933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    643916933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    643916933                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    643916933                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003360                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003360                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003360                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003360                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105717.449161                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105717.449161                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 71909.315789                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71909.315789                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105612.093325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105612.093325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105612.093325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105612.093325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              552.488302                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1001432697                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1791471.729875                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    26.435389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   526.052914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.042364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.843034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.885398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1400428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1400428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1400428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1400428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1400428                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1400428                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6498253                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6498253                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6498253                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6498253                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6498253                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6498253                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1400467                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1400467                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1400467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1400467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1400467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1400467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 166621.871795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166621.871795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 166621.871795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166621.871795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 166621.871795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166621.871795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5534525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5534525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5534525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5534525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5534525                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5534525                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 172953.906250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172953.906250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 172953.906250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172953.906250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 172953.906250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172953.906250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 6031                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              221205524                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 6287                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             35184.591061                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   184.463370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    71.536630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.720560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.279440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      2073387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2073387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       386303                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386303                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          915                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          915                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      2459690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        2459690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      2459690                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       2459690                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20629                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20629                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20674                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        20674                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20674                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        20674                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2341784707                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2341784707                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      3889113                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3889113                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2345673820                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2345673820                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2345673820                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2345673820                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      2094016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2094016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       386348                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386348                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          915                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          915                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      2480364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2480364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      2480364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2480364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009851                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009851                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 113519.060885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113519.060885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 86424.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86424.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 113460.086098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113460.086098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 113460.086098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113460.086098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          716                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             716                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        14607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        14643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        14643                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14643                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         6022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         6031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         6031                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6031                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    626018536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    626018536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       682517                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       682517                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    626701053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    626701053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    626701053                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    626701053                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002431                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002431                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002431                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002431                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103955.253404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103955.253404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 75835.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75835.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103913.290167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103913.290167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103913.290167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103913.290167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              488.431701                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1077534649                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             2181244.228745                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    33.431701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.053576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.782743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1410635                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1410635                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1410635                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1410635                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1410635                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1410635                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8671789                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8671789                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8671789                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8671789                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8671789                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8671789                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1410689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1410689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1410689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1410689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1410689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1410689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 160588.685185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160588.685185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 160588.685185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160588.685185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 160588.685185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160588.685185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6629665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6629665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6629665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6629665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6629665                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6629665                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 169991.410256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169991.410256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 169991.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169991.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 169991.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169991.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 4203                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              160313534                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 4459                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             35952.799731                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   221.090370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    34.909630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.863634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.136366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1123961                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1123961                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       834077                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       834077                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2153                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2153                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2026                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2026                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1958038                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1958038                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1958038                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1958038                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        10836                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10836                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           71                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           71                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        10907                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        10907                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        10907                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        10907                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1191680936                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1191680936                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      5438932                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5438932                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1197119868                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1197119868                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1197119868                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1197119868                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1134797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1134797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       834148                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       834148                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         2153                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2153                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         2026                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2026                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1968945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1968945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1968945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1968945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009549                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009549                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 109974.246585                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109974.246585                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 76604.676056                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76604.676056                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 109757.024663                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109757.024663                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 109757.024663                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109757.024663                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          915                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             915                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         6648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           56                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           56                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         6704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         6704                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6704                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    428120626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    428120626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1031831                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1031831                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    429152457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    429152457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    429152457                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    429152457                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002135                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002135                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002135                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002135                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 102225.555396                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102225.555396                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 68788.733333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68788.733333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 102106.223412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102106.223412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 102106.223412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102106.223412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              520.420879                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1080580661                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             2058248.878095                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    30.420879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.048751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1394184                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1394184                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1394184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1394184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1394184                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1394184                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7447223                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7447223                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7447223                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7447223                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7447223                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7447223                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1394229                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1394229                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1394229                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1394229                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1394229                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1394229                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 165493.844444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165493.844444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 165493.844444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165493.844444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 165493.844444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165493.844444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5895176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5895176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5895176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5895176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5895176                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5895176                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 168433.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168433.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 168433.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168433.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 168433.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168433.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 8183                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              178888635                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 8439                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             21197.847494                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   228.812094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    27.187906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.893797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.106203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       965883                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        965883                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       798987                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       798987                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2235                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2235                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1864                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1864                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1764870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1764870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1764870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1764870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        21043                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        21043                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          111                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          111                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        21154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        21154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        21154                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        21154                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2611381994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2611381994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      9431122                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9431122                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2620813116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2620813116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2620813116                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2620813116                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       986926                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       986926                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       799098                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       799098                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         2235                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2235                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1864                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1864                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1786024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1786024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1786024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1786024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021322                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021322                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 124097.419284                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124097.419284                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 84965.063063                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84965.063063                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 123892.082632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123892.082632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 123892.082632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123892.082632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1031                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            1031                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        12878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           93                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           93                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        12971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        12971                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12971                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         8165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         8183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         8183                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8183                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    915817614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    915817614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1266633                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1266633                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    917084247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    917084247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    917084247                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    917084247                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 112163.822903                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112163.822903                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 70368.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70368.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 112071.886472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112071.886472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 112071.886472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112071.886472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              552.115588                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1001433071                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1794682.922939                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    25.946180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   526.169408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.041580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.843220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.884801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1400802                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1400802                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1400802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1400802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1400802                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1400802                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5996540                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5996540                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5996540                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5996540                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5996540                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5996540                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1400840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1400840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1400840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1400840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1400840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1400840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 157803.684211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157803.684211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 157803.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157803.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 157803.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157803.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5106672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5106672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5106672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5106672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5106672                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5106672                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 164731.354839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164731.354839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 164731.354839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164731.354839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 164731.354839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164731.354839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 6014                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              221205413                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 6270                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             35279.970175                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   184.240071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    71.759929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.719688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.280312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      2073331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2073331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       386240                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386240                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          921                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          921                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          909                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          909                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      2459571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        2459571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      2459571                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       2459571                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20642                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20642                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20687                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        20687                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20687                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        20687                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2345294118                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2345294118                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      3774921                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3774921                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2349069039                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2349069039                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2349069039                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2349069039                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      2093973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2093973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       386285                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386285                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          921                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          921                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          909                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          909                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      2480258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2480258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      2480258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2480258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009858                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009858                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 113617.581533                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113617.581533                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 83887.133333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83887.133333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 113552.909508                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113552.909508                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 113552.909508                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113552.909508                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          752                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             752                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        14637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        14673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        14673                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14673                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         6005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         6014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         6014                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6014                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    624970834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    624970834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       589770                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       589770                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    625560604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    625560604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    625560604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    625560604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002425                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002425                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002425                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002425                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104075.076436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104075.076436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        65530                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        65530                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104017.393415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104017.393415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104017.393415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104017.393415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
