
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.010688                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10688056110                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               535515649647                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 398620                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   507999                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 267049                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67614428                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 40022.81                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15953908196                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20331532322                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       394112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       254592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       273792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       272000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       398464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       257920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       398336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       183808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       394368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       397184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       403584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       144384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       274176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       145408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       392448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       251136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4908032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           72320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1230848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1230848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         3079                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         1989                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         2139                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         2125                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         3113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         2015                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         3112                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         1436                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         3081                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         3103                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         3153                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         1128                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         2142                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         1136                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         3066                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         1962                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 38344                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            9616                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 9616                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       431135                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     36874058                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       431135                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     23820234                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       383232                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     25616632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       371256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     25448968                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       407183                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     37281241                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       443111                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     24131610                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       443111                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     37269265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       443111                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     17197515                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       419159                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     36898010                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       431135                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     37161482                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       443111                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     37760281                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       443111                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     13508911                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       371256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     25652560                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       431135                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     13604719                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       419159                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     36718370                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       455087                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     23496883                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               459207170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       431135                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       431135                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       383232                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       371256                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       407183                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       443111                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       443111                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       443111                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       419159                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       431135                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       443111                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       443111                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       371256                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       431135                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       419159                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       455087                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6766432                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         115161072                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              115161072                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         115161072                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       431135                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     36874058                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       431135                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     23820234                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       383232                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     25616632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       371256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     25448968                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       407183                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     37281241                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       443111                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     24131610                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       443111                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     37269265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       443111                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     17197515                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       419159                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     36898010                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       431135                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     37161482                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       443111                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     37760281                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       443111                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     13508911                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       371256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     25652560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       431135                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     13604719                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       419159                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     36718370                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       455087                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     23496883                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              574368242                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               25630831                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2078569                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1700277                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205105                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       853624                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         817321                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213246                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9137                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20177779                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11801157                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2078569                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1030567                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2470793                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        597475                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       357387                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1242540                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       206517                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     23393865                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616335                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968240                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       20923072     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         133436      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         210974      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         336482      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         139499      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         155145      0.66%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         166532      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         109074      0.47%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1219651      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     23393865                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.081096                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.460428                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19992190                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       544791                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2462826                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         6426                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       387629                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       340182                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          278                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14406982                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1626                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       387629                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       20023045                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        176875                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       278790                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2439013                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        88508                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14398018                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents         2408                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        24850                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        33491                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4015                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     19991070                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     66973363                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     66973363                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17023992                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        2967063                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3626                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1977                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          268504                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1372759                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       737003                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22134                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       168273                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14377763                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3634                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13592172                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17317                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1851921                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4140491                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          316                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23393865                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581014                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272989                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17663246     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2299745      9.83%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1257023      5.37%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       858716      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       802082      3.43%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       230000      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179917      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60685      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42451      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23393865                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3239     12.72%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9798     38.48%     51.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12424     48.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11385788     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       215060      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1646      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1257052      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       732626      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13592172                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.530306                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25461                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001873                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50620986                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16233474                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13371009                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13617633                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        40727                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       249201                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           35                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          159                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22787                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          871                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       387629                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        120007                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12216                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14381425                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          805                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1372759                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       737003                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1977                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9000                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          159                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119320                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117413                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       236733                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13397292                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1181949                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       194879                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  28                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1914242                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1883847                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           732293                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.522702                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13371254                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13371009                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7817667                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        20423521                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.521677                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.382778                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12257191                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2124262                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3318                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       209179                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23006236                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532777                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.385811                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18027383     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2411879     10.48%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       940224      4.09%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       504914      2.19%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       378116      1.64%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       211309      0.92%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130974      0.57%     98.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       116227      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285210      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23006236                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12257191                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1837774                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1123558                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1656                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1759628                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11044453                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       248995                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       285210                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           37102414                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          29150578                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                327716                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               2236966                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12257191                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.563083                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.563083                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.390155                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.390155                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60413554                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18538120                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13437928                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3314                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               25630831                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        2088280                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1712132                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       206048                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       861171                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         814833                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213700                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9175                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19932426                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             11867422                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           2088280                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1028533                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2609060                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        584005                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       639512                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1229080                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204486                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     23555733                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616068                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967439                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       20946673     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         281759      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         325859      1.38%     91.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         179909      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         208553      0.89%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         113719      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          77957      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         202257      0.86%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1219047      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     23555733                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.081475                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.463014                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       19772246                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       803235                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2587748                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        19923                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       372579                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       339034                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred         2150                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     14484694                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts        11218                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       372579                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       19803145                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        279641                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       436601                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2577934                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        85831                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     14474962                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        22033                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        40222                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     20116410                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     67398834                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     67398834                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     17165678                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        2950732                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         3762                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2087                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          233142                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1383325                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       752844                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20128                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       165629                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         14451470                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3769                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        13652703                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19018                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1809895                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4202053                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          398                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23555733                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579592                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268894                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17802341     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2313960      9.82%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1243272      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       861666      3.66%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       752193      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       385084      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        92328      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60071      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44818      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23555733                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3492     11.76%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12846     43.24%     55.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13368     45.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11427378     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       213399      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1671      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1263135      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       747120      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     13652703                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.532667                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29706                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002176                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50909863                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16265275                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13425033                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     13682409                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34382                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       245716                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           82                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          143                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16750                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          837                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       372579                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        230922                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14142                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14455259                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3964                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1383325                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       752844                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2086                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10022                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          143                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118617                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116079                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       234696                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13450597                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1185821                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       202106                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            1932701                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1882514                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           746880                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.524782                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             13425315                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            13425033                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         7979651                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        20902754                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.523785                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.381751                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10080702                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     12368025                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2087431                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3371                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       207027                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23183154                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533492                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352360                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18130398     78.21%     78.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2343517     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       982033      4.24%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       588561      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       409245      1.77%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       264338      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       137216      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109975      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       217871      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23183154                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     10080702                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     12368025                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1873703                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1137609                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1682                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1770111                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        11150328                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       251685                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       217871                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           37420674                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          29283510                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                306610                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               2075098                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          10080702                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            12368025                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     10080702                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.542564                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.542564                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.393304                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.393304                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       60673845                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      18633592                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      13519447                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               25630831                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        1937834                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1734499                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       156403                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1310634                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1279633                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         113369                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4626                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20560964                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             11016367                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           1937834                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1393002                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2456002                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        516434                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       304251                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1245897                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       153204                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     23680419                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519795                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.758649                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       21224417     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         378116      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         185702      0.78%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         374843      1.58%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         115886      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         348778      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          53747      0.23%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          86433      0.36%     96.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         912497      3.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     23680419                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.075606                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.429809                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       20363103                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       507184                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2450985                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         1947                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       357196                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       178481                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred         1982                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     12286429                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         4721                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       357196                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       20386064                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        302340                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       134231                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2428446                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        72138                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     12267134                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           27                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         9403                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        55663                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     16031905                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     55543705                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     55543705                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     12936901                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        3094974                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         1604                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          816                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          166191                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      2251955                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       350303                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2948                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        78785                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         12203413                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1610                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        11408247                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7478                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2253367                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4630986                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23680419                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481759                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.093155                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18680585     78.89%     78.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1553852      6.56%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1695926      7.16%     92.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       974854      4.12%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       498398      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       125623      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       144848      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3478      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2855      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23680419                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18610     56.90%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7779     23.79%     80.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6315     19.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8921208     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86974      0.76%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          789      0.01%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2052463     17.99%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       346813      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     11408247                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.445099                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32704                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002867                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46537092                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14458430                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11113701                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     11440951                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9027                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       470171                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           44                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9211                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       357196                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        217919                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8877                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12205037                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1054                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2251955                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       350303                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          815                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4140                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          214                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           44                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105445                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59874                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       165319                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11264851                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2022591                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       143393                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            2369350                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1715120                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           346759                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.439504                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             11116725                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            11113701                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         6731318                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        14528863                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.433607                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.463307                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8850170                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      9934349                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2271166                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1592                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       155244                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23323223                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.425942                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.297002                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19639623     84.21%     84.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1436080      6.16%     90.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       932155      4.00%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       293326      1.26%     95.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       492112      2.11%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93486      0.40%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59857      0.26%     98.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53711      0.23%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       322873      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23323223                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      8850170                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      9934349                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              2122867                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1781775                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               794                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1526750                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         8673223                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       121464                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       322873                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           35205826                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          24768538                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                465607                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               1950412                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           8850170                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             9934349                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      8850170                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.896083                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.896083                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.345294                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.345294                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       52413979                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      14444719                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      13101040                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         1590                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               25630831                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        1937795                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1734722                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       156715                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1310416                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1278854                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         113354                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4619                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20566258                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             11017829                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           1937795                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1392208                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2456023                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        517326                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       305651                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1246279                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       153548                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     23687711                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519690                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.758577                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       21231688     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         377850      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         186213      0.79%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         374828      1.58%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         115419      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         348615      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          53887      0.23%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          86244      0.36%     96.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         912967      3.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     23687711                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.075604                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.429866                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       20366498                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       510450                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2451031                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         1952                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       357776                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       178187                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred         1979                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     12287964                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         4735                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       357776                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       20389495                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        305136                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       134479                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2428423                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        72398                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     12268634                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           30                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         9372                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        55896                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     16038565                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     55550737                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     55550737                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     12933104                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        3105435                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         1612                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          824                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          166481                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      2250523                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       350336                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3063                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        78786                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         12204393                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1618                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        11407349                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7460                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2257112                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4637415                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           25                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23687711                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481572                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.093137                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18687941     78.89%     78.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1555425      6.57%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1694946      7.16%     92.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       973833      4.11%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       498192      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       125679      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       145348      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3494      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2853      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23687711                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18661     57.02%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7757     23.70%     80.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6308     19.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8921270     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        87076      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          789      0.01%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2051390     17.98%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       346824      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     11407349                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.445064                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32726                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002869                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46542595                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14463168                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11112717                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     11440075                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8887                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       469700                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           48                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9245                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       357776                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        219860                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8832                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12206025                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1379                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2250523                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       350336                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          822                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4060                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          215                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           48                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105546                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        60266                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       165812                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11263779                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2021820                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       143570                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            2368585                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1714462                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           346765                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.439462                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             11115722                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            11112717                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         6730562                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        14528744                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.433568                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.463258                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8846951                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      9931130                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2275377                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1593                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       155561                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23329935                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.425682                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296597                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19647124     84.21%     84.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1436259      6.16%     90.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       931571      3.99%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       293280      1.26%     95.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       491856      2.11%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93696      0.40%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59690      0.26%     98.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53827      0.23%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       322632      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23329935                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      8846951                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      9931130                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              2121907                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1780816                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               794                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1526209                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         8670543                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       121463                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       322632                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           35213771                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          24771105                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                465745                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               1943120                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           8846951                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             9931130                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      8846951                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.897137                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.897137                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.345168                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.345168                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       52408378                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      14446061                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      13101842                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         1592                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               25630831                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2000007                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1804347                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       106452                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       765175                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         712445                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         110005                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4678                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21179949                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             12581551                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2000007                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       822450                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2486906                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        335912                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       470434                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1217423                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       106830                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     24364107                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605969                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934969                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       21877201     89.79%     89.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          88605      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         181631      0.75%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          75262      0.31%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         412600      1.69%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         368078      1.51%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          70611      0.29%     94.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         149159      0.61%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1140960      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     24364107                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.078031                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.490876                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       21061387                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       590585                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2477693                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         7865                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       226574                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       175737                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          245                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     14754565                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1489                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       226574                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       21083177                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        413106                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       110321                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2465215                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        65711                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     14746210                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        27697                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        24003                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents          338                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     17318933                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     69452147                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     69452147                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     15327185                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        1991742                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         1729                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          883                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          169093                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      3478076                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      1757584                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        16283                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        85794                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         14714890                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1736                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        14133894                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7633                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1158073                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2793434                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           29                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24364107                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580111                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377851                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19346048     79.40%     79.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1499556      6.15%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1234678      5.07%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       531977      2.18%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       676662      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       655220      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       372125      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29175      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18666      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24364107                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35838     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       279261     86.41%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8086      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8866987     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       123533      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          845      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3389230     23.98%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1753299     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     14133894                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.551441                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            323185                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022866                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52962713                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15875085                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14011753                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     14457079                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25745                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       138543                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           65                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          390                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11634                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1249                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       226574                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        376790                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        18152                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14716645                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          200                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3478076                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1757584                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          884                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12275                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          390                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        60987                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        63497                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       124484                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14034286                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3377475                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        99608                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            5130595                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1838146                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          1753120                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.547555                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             14012322                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            14011753                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         7568667                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        14914772                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.546676                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.507461                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11376973                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     13369307                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1348702                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1707                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       108569                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24137533                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553880                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377657                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19291693     79.92%     79.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1766734      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       829713      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       819974      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       223211      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       954836      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        71359      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        52057      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       127956      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24137533                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     11376973                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     13369307                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              5085483                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             3339533                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               852                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1765150                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        11888626                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       129376                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       127956                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           38727547                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          29662632                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                466176                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               1266724                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          11376973                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            13369307                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     11376973                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.252869                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.252869                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.443878                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.443878                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       69377432                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      16273428                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      17560960                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         1704                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               25630831                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2084834                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1708878                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       206378                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       860607                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         813583                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213717                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9144                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19936036                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             11857704                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2084834                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1027300                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2606471                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        584728                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       639953                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1229821                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204882                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     23557546                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615611                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966788                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       20951075     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         281069      1.19%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         324694      1.38%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         179542      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         208804      0.89%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         114115      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          77808      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         202950      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1217489      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     23557546                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.081341                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.462634                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       19775062                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       804353                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2585825                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        19376                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       372928                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       338823                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred         2152                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     14475809                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        11169                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       372928                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       19805443                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        239414                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       478967                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2576089                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        84703                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     14466741                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        21485                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        40020                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     20105371                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     67365473                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     67365473                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     17153772                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        2951599                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3796                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2121                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          230532                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1381532                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       752905                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19759                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       166800                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         14443878                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3801                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        13647052                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18100                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1810848                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4190170                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          434                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23557546                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579307                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268757                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17806775     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2313204      9.82%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1242610      5.27%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       860975      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       751367      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       385288      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        92164      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60493      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44670      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23557546                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3382     11.47%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12839     43.53%     54.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13276     45.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11423686     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       213488      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1670      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1261230      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       746978      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     13647052                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.532447                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29497                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002161                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50899247                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16258675                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13420292                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     13676549                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34645                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       244717                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           86                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          149                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        17340                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          834                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       372928                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        191320                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13459                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14447707                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2839                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1381532                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       752905                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2120                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9445                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          149                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118957                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116281                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       235238                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13444956                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1184581                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       202096                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  28                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            1931306                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1881473                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           746725                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.524562                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             13420550                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            13420292                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         7978380                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        20897693                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.523600                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.381783                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10073639                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     12359428                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2088397                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3367                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       207398                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23184618                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533087                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351961                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18135483     78.22%     78.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2342125     10.10%     88.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       980689      4.23%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       588654      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       408571      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       264225      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       137197      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       110020      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       217654      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23184618                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     10073639                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     12359428                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1872380                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1136815                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1680                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1768901                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        11142546                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       251508                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       217654                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           37414724                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          29268595                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                307406                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               2073285                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          10073639                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            12359428                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     10073639                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.544347                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.544347                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.393028                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.393028                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       60649858                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      18627101                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      13509367                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3364                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               25630831                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        2000295                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1804561                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       106697                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       743548                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         712730                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         109976                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4673                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21171649                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             12582026                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           2000295                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       822706                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2487112                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        336876                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       468410                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1217116                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       106977                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     24354716                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.606206                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935265                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       21867604     89.79%     89.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          88663      0.36%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         181535      0.75%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          75425      0.31%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         413069      1.70%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         367783      1.51%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          70600      0.29%     94.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         149117      0.61%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1140920      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     24354716                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.078043                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.490894                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       21054278                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       587431                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2477860                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         7849                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       227295                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       175738                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          251                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     14754235                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1522                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       227295                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       21076032                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        410118                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       109994                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2465329                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        65945                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     14745451                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        27598                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        23997                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents          728                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     17318278                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     69447222                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     69447222                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     15321392                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        1996880                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         1753                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          909                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          169066                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      3476999                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      1756737                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        16354                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        85145                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         14715045                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1760                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        14132499                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7812                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1162895                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2800190                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           56                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24354716                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580278                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.378076                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19337918     79.40%     79.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1498138      6.15%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1235493      5.07%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       531189      2.18%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       676661      2.78%     95.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       655137      2.69%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       372353      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29255      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18572      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24354716                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35938     11.12%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead       279152     86.38%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8074      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8868146     62.75%     62.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       123541      0.87%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          844      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3387578     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1752390     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     14132499                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.551387                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            323164                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022867                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52950690                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15880073                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14010148                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     14455663                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25783                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       139025                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           57                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          375                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11610                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1249                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       227295                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        373812                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        18202                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14716819                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          166                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3476999                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1756737                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          909                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12383                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          375                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        61045                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        63729                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       124774                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14032781                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3375866                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        99718                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            5128059                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1837850                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          1752193                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.547496                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             14010718                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            14010148                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         7568548                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        14919364                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.546613                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.507297                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11372229                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     13363947                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1354207                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1704                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       108811                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24127421                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553890                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377702                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19284006     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1765322      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       829346      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       820017      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       222996      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       954411      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        71432      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51877      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       128014      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24127421                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     11372229                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     13363947                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              5083093                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             3337971                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               850                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1764512                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        11883857                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       129354                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       128014                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           38717522                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          29663648                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                466094                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               1276115                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          11372229                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            13363947                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     11372229                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.253809                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.253809                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.443693                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.443693                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       69367420                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      16273666                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      17558808                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         1702                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               25630831                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2112947                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1728853                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       209238                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       889255                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         831830                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         218299                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9497                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20382267                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             11810009                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2112947                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1050129                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2466237                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        568987                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       466673                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1248658                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       209233                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     23672242                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612814                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954793                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       21206005     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         115365      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         182836      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         247474      1.05%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         253744      1.07%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         214741      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         121198      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         179677      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1151202      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     23672242                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.082438                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.460774                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       20177500                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       673492                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2461668                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         2772                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       356807                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       347506                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          260                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     14493286                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1512                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       356807                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       20232890                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        138666                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       409024                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2409786                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       125066                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     14487524                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        16609                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        54729                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     20219177                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     67390885                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     67390885                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     17530001                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        2689174                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3597                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1871                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          378047                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1358323                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       734390                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8520                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       214043                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         14468955                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3609                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        13747563                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2024                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1593176                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3794835                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          134                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23672242                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580746                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269917                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17822311     75.29%     75.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2431846     10.27%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1225303      5.18%     90.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       900721      3.80%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       710553      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       289636      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       183491      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        95438      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12943      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23672242                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2552     11.07%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8407     36.46%     47.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12101     52.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11563191     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204579      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1723      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1246197      9.06%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       731873      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     13747563                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.536368                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             23060                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001677                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51192452                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16065794                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13538267                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     13770623                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27914                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       219684                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           55                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10031                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       356807                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        111339                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11976                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14472584                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4001                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1358323                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       734390                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1874                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10143                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           55                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       121962                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116999                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       238961                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13555430                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1172420                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       192133                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            1904231                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1926258                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           731811                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.528872                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             13538393                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            13538267                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         7771852                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        20945709                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.528202                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.371047                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10218687                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     12573989                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1898607                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3475                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       211626                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23315435                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539299                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.383305                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18130302     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2582499     11.08%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       964978      4.14%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       458694      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       404624      1.74%     96.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       223474      0.96%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       184529      0.79%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        88268      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       278067      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23315435                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     10218687                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     12573989                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1862998                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1138639                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1734                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1813134                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        11329122                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       258985                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       278067                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           37509899                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          29302016                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                310764                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               1958589                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          10218687                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            12573989                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     10218687                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.508231                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.508231                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.398687                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.398687                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       61009865                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      18861229                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      13434041                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3472                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               25630831                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2078669                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1699848                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204999                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       852639                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         817357                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213088                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9097                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20174698                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             11802579                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2078669                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1030445                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2471034                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        596852                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       358958                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1242297                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       206438                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     23392088                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616472                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968418                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       20921054     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         133348      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         210771      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         336557      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         139819      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         155046      0.66%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         166470      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         109510      0.47%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1219513      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     23392088                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.081100                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.460484                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       19988186                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       547286                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2463007                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         6486                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       387120                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       340688                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          280                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     14409146                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1643                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       387120                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       20019068                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        177269                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       280431                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2439180                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        89015                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     14399812                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents         2436                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        25251                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        33489                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4243                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     19990842                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     66984118                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     66984118                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     17028265                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        2962559                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3678                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2028                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          269787                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1372778                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       737401                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22290                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       168000                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         14379906                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3688                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        13595772                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17364                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1850304                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4137127                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          365                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23392088                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581212                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273226                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17661137     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2299507      9.83%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1255457      5.37%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       860194      3.68%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       802813      3.43%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       229888      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179891      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60877      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42324      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23392088                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3219     12.59%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9887     38.66%     51.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12467     48.75%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11389172     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       215158      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1647      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1256808      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       732987      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     13595772                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.530446                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25573                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001881                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50626565                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16234054                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13374868                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     13621345                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        40500                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       248910                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           51                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          160                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22974                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          880                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       387120                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        120585                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12516                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14383615                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          450                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1372778                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       737401                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2028                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9292                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          160                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118880                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117428                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       236308                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13401148                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1181851                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       194620                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            1914458                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1884606                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           732607                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.522853                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             13375094                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            13374868                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         7820107                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        20431786                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.521827                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.382742                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10002662                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     12260335                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2123306                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3323                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       209065                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23004968                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532943                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386274                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18026253     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2411471     10.48%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       939503      4.08%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       505833      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       378028      1.64%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       210964      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130679      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       116543      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285694      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23004968                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     10002662                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     12260335                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1838287                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1123860                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1658                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1760042                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        11047325                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       249058                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       285694                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           37102850                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          29154453                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                327707                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               2238743                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          10002662                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            12260335                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     10002662                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.562401                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.562401                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.390259                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.390259                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       60428297                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      18541220                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      13439531                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3320                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               25630831                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2078477                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1699537                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204944                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       851467                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         816587                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213260                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9064                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20171245                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             11800089                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2078477                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1029847                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2470225                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        597083                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       360254                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           32                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1242086                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       206415                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     23389429                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616417                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968435                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       20919204     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         133439      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         210796      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         336101      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         139043      0.59%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         155027      0.66%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         167094      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         109369      0.47%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1219356      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     23389429                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.081093                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.460387                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       19984146                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       549163                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2462362                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         6365                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       387390                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       340890                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          284                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     14406451                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1657                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       387390                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       20015617                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        174463                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       283751                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2437915                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        90288                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     14397659                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents         2684                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        24949                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        34197                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4349                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     19988386                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     66970672                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     66970672                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     17025160                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        2963144                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3603                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1953                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          272229                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1372477                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       737533                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22284                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       168608                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         14377041                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3612                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        13593712                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17364                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1849323                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4131783                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          295                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23389429                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581190                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273383                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17659980     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2298904      9.83%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1255371      5.37%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       859348      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       802393      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       229688      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180581      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60788      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42376      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23389429                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3236     12.65%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9869     38.57%     51.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12484     48.79%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11386756     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       215065      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1646      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1257182      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       733063      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     13593712                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.530366                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25589                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001882                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50619804                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16230132                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13371815                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     13619301                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        40691                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       248801                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           36                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          161                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        23244                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          887                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       387390                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        118447                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12106                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14380678                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          783                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1372477                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       737533                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1956                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8918                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          161                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118849                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117353                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       236202                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13398099                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1181801                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       195611                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            1914462                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1884223                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           732661                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.522734                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             13372037                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            13371815                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         7817668                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        20424752                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.521708                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.382755                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000698                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     12258107                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2122540                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3317                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       209016                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23002039                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532914                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386186                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18023581     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2412086     10.49%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       939308      4.08%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       505018      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       378079      1.64%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       211258      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130776      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       116375      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285558      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23002039                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     10000698                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     12258107                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1837940                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1123666                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1656                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1759776                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        11045300                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       249029                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       285558                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           37097063                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          29148807                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                327431                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               2241402                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          10000698                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            12258107                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     10000698                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.562904                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.562904                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.390182                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.390182                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       60415280                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      18536933                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      13437057                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3312                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               25630831                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        1997066                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1801365                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       107180                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       765120                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         711698                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         110131                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4711                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21169069                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             12559354                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           1997066                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       821829                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2483188                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        335379                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       471094                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1217393                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       107544                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     24348923                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605363                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933948                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       21865735     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          88294      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         181357      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          75614      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         411677      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         368139      1.51%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          70427      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         149314      0.61%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1138366      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     24348923                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077917                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.490010                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       21049680                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       592073                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2474027                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         7817                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       225323                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       175781                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          249                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     14730534                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1503                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       225323                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       21071952                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        412418                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       111269                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2460984                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        66974                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     14721847                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        27463                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        24781                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents          708                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     17290974                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     69337132                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     69337132                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     15313301                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        1977657                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         1718                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          874                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          171806                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      3472912                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      1755137                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        16418                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        85844                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         14691237                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1724                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        14122457                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7543                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1144525                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2734259                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24348923                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580003                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377662                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19334019     79.40%     79.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1498850      6.16%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1234740      5.07%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       531281      2.18%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       676307      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       653761      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       372085      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29299      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18581      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24348923                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35908     11.13%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead       278759     86.37%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8082      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8863933     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       123066      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          844      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3383894     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1750720     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     14122457                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.550995                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            322749                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022854                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52924129                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15837869                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13999227                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     14445206                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25790                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       138449                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           67                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          386                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11766                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1251                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       225323                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        376241                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        17938                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14692977                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          142                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3472912                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1755137                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          874                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12141                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          386                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        61387                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        63918                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       125305                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14021710                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3372271                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       100747                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  16                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            5122807                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1836821                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          1750536                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.547064                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             13999766                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            13999227                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         7563303                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        14910384                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.546187                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.507251                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11364496                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     13355161                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1338958                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1703                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       109288                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24123600                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553614                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377378                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19282658     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1765135      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       828907      3.44%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       819174      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       222955      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       953441      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        71534      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51907      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       127889      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24123600                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     11364496                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     13355161                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              5077826                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             3334460                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               850                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1763456                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        11876127                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       129354                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       127889                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           38689791                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          29613608                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                466380                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               1281908                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          11364496                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            13355161                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     11364496                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.255343                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.255343                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.443392                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.443392                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       69310421                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      16263688                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      17531014                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         1700                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               25630831                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        2324342                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1935460                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       213335                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       880549                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         847493                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         249628                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9846                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20218073                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             12748142                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           2324342                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1097121                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2655511                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        594821                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       654041                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1257562                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204049                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     23907141                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655361                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.031191                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       21251630     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         162335      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         204756      0.86%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         326279      1.36%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         136950      0.57%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         175635      0.73%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         205387      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          94535      0.40%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1349634      5.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     23907141                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.090685                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.497375                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       20098685                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       785005                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2642925                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         1294                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       379231                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       353356                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          286                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     15582107                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1644                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       379231                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       20119622                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         64640                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       662992                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2623272                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        57376                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     15485917                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           35                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         8215                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        39896                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     21627942                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     72007941                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     72007941                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     18061317                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        3566603                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         3735                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1944                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          202713                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1451400                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       757672                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8487                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       171136                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         15118584                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3748                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        14493162                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15374                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1857329                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3792095                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          136                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23907141                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606227                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327271                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17767661     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2799750     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1143604      4.78%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       642759      2.69%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       868374      3.63%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       269303      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       263249      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       141106      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11335      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23907141                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        100399     79.05%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13638     10.74%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12962     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12209886     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       197776      1.36%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1791      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1328611      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       755098      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     14493162                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.565458                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126999                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008763                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53035838                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16979763                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14112956                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     14620161                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10895                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       277456                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          104                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11589                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            5                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       379231                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         49227                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6218                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15122337                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11263                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1451400                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       757672                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1944                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5413                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          104                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       126104                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       120300                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       246404                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14238981                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1306399                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       254181                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            2061384                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        2012819                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           754985                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.555541                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             14113052                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            14112956                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         8453222                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        22715753                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.550624                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.372130                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10507660                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     12947928                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2174480                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3612                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       214949                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23527910                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550322                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370673                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18047061     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2777809     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1009552      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       501576      2.13%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       459210      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       193084      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190987      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90943      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       257688      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23527910                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     10507660                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     12947928                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              1920027                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1173944                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              1802                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1876631                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        11657485                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       267386                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       257688                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           38392552                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          30624067                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                309120                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               1723690                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          10507660                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            12947928                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     10507660                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.439252                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.439252                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.409962                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.409962                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       64065674                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      19722009                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      14409206                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         3608                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               25630831                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        1937341                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1734359                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       155997                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1310972                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1279967                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         113150                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4608                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20568305                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             11014122                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           1937341                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1393117                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2455160                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        514928                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       307424                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1245814                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       152787                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     23688993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519405                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.757996                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       21233833     89.64%     89.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         378160      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         185233      0.78%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         374867      1.58%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         115921      0.49%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         348902      1.47%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          53839      0.23%     95.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          86182      0.36%     96.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         912056      3.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     23688993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.075586                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.429722                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       20369274                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       511511                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2450175                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         1934                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       356095                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       178044                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred         1985                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     12281828                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         4759                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       356095                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       20392153                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        303625                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       136843                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2427560                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        72713                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     12262457                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           33                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         9380                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        56228                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     16025388                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     55517249                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     55517249                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     12941182                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        3084180                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         1613                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          825                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          166753                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      2251715                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       350264                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3107                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        78164                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         12199202                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1619                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        11406759                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7447                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2245284                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4611105                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           26                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23688993                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481521                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.092834                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18688353     78.89%     78.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1555440      6.57%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1696066      7.16%     92.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       974437      4.11%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       498273      2.10%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       124963      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       145107      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3505      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2849      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23688993                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18593     56.89%     56.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7772     23.78%     80.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6315     19.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8919530     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        87000      0.76%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          789      0.01%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2052714     18.00%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       346726      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     11406759                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.445041                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32680                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002865                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46542635                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14446143                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11113931                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     11439439                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8767                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       468854                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           43                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9169                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       356095                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        218495                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8868                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12200835                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1008                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2251715                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       350264                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          823                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4133                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          235                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           43                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105231                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59740                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       164971                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11265070                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2023967                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       141686                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            2370639                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1715423                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           346672                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.439512                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             11116993                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            11113931                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         6731092                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        14517859                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.433616                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.463642                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8853789                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      9937968                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2263372                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1593                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       154836                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23332898                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.425921                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296957                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19647958     84.21%     84.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1436664      6.16%     90.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       932390      4.00%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       293372      1.26%     95.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       492237      2.11%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93797      0.40%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59723      0.26%     98.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53919      0.23%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       322838      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23332898                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      8853789                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      9937968                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              2123949                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1782854                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               794                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1527343                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         8676251                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       121465                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       322838                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           35211361                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          24759076                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                465414                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               1941838                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           8853789                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             9937968                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      8853789                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.894900                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.894900                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.345435                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.345435                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       52417593                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      14444468                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      13100088                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         1592                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               25630831                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2324911                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1936131                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       213478                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       879779                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         847254                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         249519                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9841                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20210005                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             12751232                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2324911                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1096773                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2656199                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        595791                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       656818                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1257294                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204139                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     23903388                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655632                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.031465                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       21247189     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         162395      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         203881      0.85%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         327020      1.37%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         137013      0.57%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         176229      0.74%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         205695      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          94483      0.40%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1349483      5.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     23903388                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.090708                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.497496                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       20091309                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       787175                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2643522                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         1300                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       380081                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       353284                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          285                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     15585595                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1640                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       380081                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       20112311                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         64491                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       665387                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2623796                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        57314                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     15488777                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         8193                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        39862                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     21631087                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     72016773                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     72016773                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     18054518                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        3576569                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3722                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1931                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          201941                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1452050                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       757252                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8490                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       169026                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         15118537                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3735                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        14491097                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15293                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1860173                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3800471                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          123                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23903388                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606236                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327591                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17768202     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2795105     11.69%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1144209      4.79%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       640912      2.68%     93.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       870060      3.64%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       268647      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       263564      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       141533      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11156      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23903388                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        100137     78.96%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13717     10.82%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12967     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12208393     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       197869      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1791      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1328236      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       754808      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     14491097                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.565378                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126821                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008752                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53027696                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16982541                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14110585                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     14617918                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10927                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       278528                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           99                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11420                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       380081                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         49285                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6146                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15122276                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11859                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1452050                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       757252                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1931                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5364                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           99                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       125727                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       120438                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       246165                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14236522                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1305922                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       254575                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            2060622                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        2012303                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           754700                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.555445                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             14110678                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            14110585                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         8453402                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        22712177                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.550532                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.372197                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10503764                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     12943132                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2179199                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3612                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       215076                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23523307                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550226                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370826                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18046052     76.72%     76.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2775740     11.80%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1008057      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       501742      2.13%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       458899      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       193131      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190939      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90809      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       257938      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23523307                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     10503764                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     12943132                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1919354                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1173522                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1802                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1875945                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        11653179                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       267295                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       257938                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           38387622                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          30624757                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                309180                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               1727443                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          10503764                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            12943132                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     10503764                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.440157                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.440157                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.409810                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.409810                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       64053758                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      19718122                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      14411731                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3608                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               25630831                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2079120                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1700370                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205368                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       851316                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         817282                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213212                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9105                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20179298                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             11802269                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2079120                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1030494                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2470969                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        598176                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       355107                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1242917                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       206773                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     23393711                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616429                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968425                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       20922742     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         133414      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         210865      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         336545      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         139732      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         154817      0.66%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         166393      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         109221      0.47%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1219982      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     23393711                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.081118                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.460472                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       19992646                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       543561                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2463053                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         6389                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       388059                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       340654                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          280                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     14409118                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1630                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       388059                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       20023953                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        175169                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       278216                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2438705                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        89604                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     14400318                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents         2508                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        24757                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        33896                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4225                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     19991310                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     66984754                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     66984754                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     17024227                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2967083                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3684                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2036                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          271607                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1373091                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       737188                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22177                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       168166                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         14380311                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3692                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        13594170                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17348                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1853295                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4146615                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          373                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23393711                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581104                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273307                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17663274     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2300449      9.83%     85.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1255014      5.36%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       858951      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       802995      3.43%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       229087      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180619      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60865      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42457      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23393711                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3230     12.67%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9828     38.54%     51.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12445     48.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11387911     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       215063      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1646      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1256842      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       732708      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     13594170                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.530384                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25503                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001876                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50624902                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16237450                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13372050                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     13619673                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        39975                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       249512                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           34                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          156                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22965                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          868                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       388059                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        119034                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12195                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14384029                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          821                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1373091                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       737188                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2034                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9011                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          156                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119190                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117661                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       236851                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13398222                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1181277                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       195948                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1913638                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1884199                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           732361                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.522738                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             13372253                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            13372050                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         7818138                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        20429352                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.521717                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.382691                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000135                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     12257361                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2126702                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3319                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       209452                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23005652                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532798                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386021                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18027296     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2412132     10.48%     88.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       938925      4.08%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       505790      2.20%     95.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       377620      1.64%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       211200      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130786      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       116411      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285492      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23005652                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     10000135                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     12257361                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1837802                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1123579                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1656                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1759658                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        11044601                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       248998                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       285492                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           37104158                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          29156212                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                328017                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               2237120                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          10000135                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            12257361                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     10000135                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.563048                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.563048                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.390160                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.390160                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       60415357                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      18537514                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      13438519                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3316                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               25630831                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2085594                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1710131                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       206704                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       861807                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         813603                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213752                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9231                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19935535                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             11856090                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2085594                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1027355                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2606273                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        585768                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       644504                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1229771                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       205044                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     23562133                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615406                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966476                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       20955860     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         280816      1.19%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         325164      1.38%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         179566      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         208746      0.89%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         114242      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          77526      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         202607      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1217606      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     23562133                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.081371                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.462571                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       19775828                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       807751                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2585339                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        19568                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       373645                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       338310                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred         2171                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     14472952                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts        11235                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       373645                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       19806129                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        260156                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       461494                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2575749                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        84958                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     14464008                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           27                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        21597                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        40041                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     20102342                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     67349704                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     67349704                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     17146593                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        2955749                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3788                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2116                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          231520                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1382604                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       752114                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19766                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       166500                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         14441707                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3793                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        13642489                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18787                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1812384                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4203798                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          426                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23562133                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579001                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268504                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17813233     75.60%     75.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2312694      9.82%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1241727      5.27%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       860722      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       751945      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       384506      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        92103      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60377      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44826      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23562133                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3478     11.77%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12820     43.37%     55.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13261     44.86%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11420036     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       213229      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1670      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1261294      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       746260      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     13642489                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.532269                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29559                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002167                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50895457                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16258025                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13415056                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     13672048                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34512                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       246239                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           85                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          143                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16813                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          834                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       373645                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        212649                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13905                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14445524                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1580                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1382604                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       752114                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2112                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9855                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          143                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119378                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116396                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       235774                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13439916                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1184306                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       202573                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            1930300                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1880775                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           745994                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.524365                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             13415399                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            13415056                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         7973957                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        20886891                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.523395                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.381768                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10069510                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     12354334                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2091435                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3367                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       207687                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23188488                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532779                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351494                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18140909     78.23%     78.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2341386     10.10%     88.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       980591      4.23%     92.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       588287      2.54%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       408881      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       263953      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       137086      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       110060      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       217335      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23188488                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     10069510                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     12354334                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1871666                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1136365                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1680                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1768156                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        11137981                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       251407                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       217335                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           37416857                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          29265203                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                307280                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               2068698                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          10069510                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            12354334                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     10069510                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.545390                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.545390                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.392867                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.392867                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       60626245                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      18620740                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      13506768                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3364                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                          38356                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32762.755356                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1335718                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          71120                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          18.781187                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           257.708808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    20.870930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1157.527271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    20.265231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   797.151407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    18.947208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   900.201726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    18.133079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   879.358024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    20.010058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1293.064084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    20.438399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   813.205312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    21.574349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1291.452299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    21.893280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   602.329090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    21.366150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1149.869185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    20.990897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1156.241763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    23.195919                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1294.048707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    21.884886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   475.523048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    19.505885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   894.132149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    20.804638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   471.514276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    21.030533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1143.787213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    22.512766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   793.016843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1169.381976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1076.786854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1072.654876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1096.547410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1249.573400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1061.542797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1222.708576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           846.278258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1148.459154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1147.826036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1214.158937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           740.623161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1062.454201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           729.944816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1153.304753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1066.954737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.007865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.035325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.024327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.027472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.026836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.039461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.024817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.039412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.018382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.035091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.035286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.039491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.014512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.027287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.014389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.034906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.024201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.035687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.032861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.032735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.033464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.038134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.032396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.037314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.025826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.035048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.035029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.037053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.022602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.032424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.022276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.035196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.032561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3554                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3592                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5026                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3514                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         5010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2574                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4226                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4983                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3566                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   61227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            18188                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 18188                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   202                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         5019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2589                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4241                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3581                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    61429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4282                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3569                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3600                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3623                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5035                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3529                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         5019                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2589                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4277                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4241                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4992                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2625                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3598                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2600                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4250                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3581                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   61429                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3079                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1985                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2138                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2124                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3113                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2013                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1436                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3081                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3153                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1128                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2140                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1136                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3065                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1960                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 38331                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  13                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3079                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1989                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2015                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1436                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3081                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3066                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  38344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3079                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1989                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2139                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2125                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3113                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2015                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3112                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1436                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3081                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3103                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3153                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1128                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2142                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1136                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3066                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1962                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 38344                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5345368                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    464818943                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5436040                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    298779246                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4957638                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    321719784                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4742050                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    320047535                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5259351                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    473789627                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5650305                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    304419444                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5748901                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    472936903                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5615486                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    217010399                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5404172                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    464574067                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5472693                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    469799372                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5519220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    478989181                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5580056                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    169756768                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4703270                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    321235770                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5651110                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    172280859                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5326045                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    461232910                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5765154                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    295404894                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5792972561                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       615620                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       151617                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       167800                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       305506                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       270688                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       155263                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       262630                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       1929124                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5345368                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    464818943                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5436040                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    299394866                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4957638                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    321871401                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4742050                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    320215335                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5259351                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    473789627                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5650305                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    304724950                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5748901                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    472936903                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5615486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    217010399                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5404172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    464574067                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5472693                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    469799372                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5519220                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    478989181                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5580056                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    169756768                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4703270                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    321506458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5651110                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    172280859                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5326045                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    461388173                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5765154                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    295667524                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5794901685                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5345368                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    464818943                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5436040                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    299394866                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4957638                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    321871401                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4742050                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    320215335                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5259351                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    473789627                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5650305                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    304724950                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5748901                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    472936903                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5615486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    217010399                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5404172                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    464574067                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5472693                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    469799372                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5519220                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    478989181                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5580056                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    169756768                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4703270                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    321506458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5651110                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    172280859                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5326045                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    461388173                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5765154                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    295667524                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5794901685                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5539                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5527                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7329                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         3737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         3719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7301                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               99558                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18188                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             18188                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           19                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               215                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         3753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         3736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                99773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         3753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         3736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               99773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.419140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.358368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.373124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.370099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.382479                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.364212                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.383157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.358105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.419583                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.423387                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.387537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.301846                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.373408                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.305458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.419806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.354687                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.385012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.210526                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.111111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.111111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.222222                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.066667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.060465                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.418286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.357863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.372713                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.369694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.382057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.363456                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.382733                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.356770                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.418728                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.422522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.387109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.300560                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.373171                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.304069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.419081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.353960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.384312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.418286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.357863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.372713                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.369694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.382057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.363456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.382733                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.356770                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.418728                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.422522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.387109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.300560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.373171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.304069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.419081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.353960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.384312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 148482.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150964.255602                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151001.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150518.511839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 154926.187500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150476.980355                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 152969.354839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150681.513653                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154686.794118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152197.117571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 152710.945946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151226.748137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 155375.702703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151972.012532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 151769.891892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151121.447772                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 154404.914286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150786.779292                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 152019.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151401.666774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 149168.108108                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151915.376150                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 150812.324324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150493.588652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151718.387097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150110.172897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 156975.277778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151655.685739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 152172.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150483.820555                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151714.578947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150716.782653                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151130.222561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       153905                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       151617                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       167800                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       152753                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       135344                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       155263                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       131315                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 148394.153846                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 148482.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150964.255602                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151001.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150525.322272                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 154926.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150477.513324                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 152969.354839                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150689.569412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154686.794118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152197.117571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 152710.945946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151228.263027                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 155375.702703                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151972.012532                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 151769.891892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151121.447772                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 154404.914286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150786.779292                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 152019.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151401.666774                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 149168.108108                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151915.376150                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 150812.324324                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150493.588652                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151718.387097                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150096.385621                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 156975.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151655.685739                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 152172.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150485.379322                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151714.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150697.005097                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151129.294935                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 148482.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150964.255602                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151001.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150525.322272                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 154926.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150477.513324                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 152969.354839                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150689.569412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154686.794118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152197.117571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 152710.945946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151228.263027                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 155375.702703                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151972.012532                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 151769.891892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151121.447772                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 154404.914286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150786.779292                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 152019.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151401.666774                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 149168.108108                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151915.376150                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 150812.324324                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150493.588652                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151718.387097                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150096.385621                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 156975.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151655.685739                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 152172.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150485.379322                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151714.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150697.005097                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151129.294935                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 9616                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      9616                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            38331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             13                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             38344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1989                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2015                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1436                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3081                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3103                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2142                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3066                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1962                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            38344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3250186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    285610934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3339378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    183180301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3091750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    197171242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2939590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    196315128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3282860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    292593481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3498138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    187187353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3598538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    291819793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3460218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    133391991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3369628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    285225506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3379175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    289175268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3365099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    295478362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3427776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    104077339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2902701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    196602137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3556619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    106148379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3293063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    282786410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3553763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    181247374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3561319480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       381642                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        93748                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       109776                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       188983                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       154111                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        96785                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       146030                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1171075                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3250186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    285610934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3339378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    183561943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3091750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    197264990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2939590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    196424904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3282860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    292593481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3498138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    187376336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3598538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    291819793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3460218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    133391991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3369628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    285225506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3379175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    289175268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3365099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    295478362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3427776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    104077339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2902701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    196756248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3556619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    106148379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3293063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    282883195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3553763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    181393404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3562490555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3250186                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    285610934                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3339378                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    183561943                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3091750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    197264990                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2939590                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    196424904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3282860                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    292593481                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3498138                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    187376336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3598538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    291819793                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3460218                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    133391991                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3369628                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    285225506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3379175                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    289175268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3365099                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    295478362                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3427776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    104077339                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2902701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    196756248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3556619                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    106148379                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3293063                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    282883195                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3553763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    181393404                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3562490555                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.419140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.358368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.373124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.370099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.382479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.364212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.383157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.358105                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.419583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.423387                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.387537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.301846                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.373408                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.305458                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.419806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.354687                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.385012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.210526                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.111111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.111111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.222222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.066667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060465                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.418286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.357863                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.372713                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.369694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.382057                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.363456                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.382733                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.356770                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.418728                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.422522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.387109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.300560                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.373171                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.304069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.419081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.353960                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.384312                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.418286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.357863                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.372713                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.369694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.382057                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.363456                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.382733                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.356770                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.418728                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.422522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.387109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.300560                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.373171                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.304069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.419081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.353960                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.384312                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 90282.944444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92760.939916                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 92760.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92282.267506                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 96617.187500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92222.283442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 94825.483871                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92427.084746                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 96554.705882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93990.838741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 94544.270270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92989.246398                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 97257.783784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93772.427057                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 93519.405405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92891.358635                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 96275.085714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92575.626745                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 93865.972222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93192.158556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 90948.621622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93713.403742                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 92642.594595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92267.144504                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93635.516129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 91870.157477                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 98794.972222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93440.474472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 94087.514286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92263.102773                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 93520.078947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92473.150000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92909.641804                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 95410.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        93748                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       109776                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 94491.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 77055.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        96785                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        73015                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90082.692308                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 90282.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92760.939916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 92760.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92288.558572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 96617.187500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92222.996727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 94825.483871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92435.248941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 96554.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93990.838741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 94544.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92990.737469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 97257.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93772.427057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 93519.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92891.358635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 96275.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92575.626745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 93865.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93192.158556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 90948.621622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93713.403742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 92642.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92267.144504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93635.516129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 91856.324930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 98794.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93440.474472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 94087.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92264.577626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 93520.078947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92453.314985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92908.683366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 90282.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92760.939916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 92760.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92288.558572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 96617.187500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92222.996727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 94825.483871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92435.248941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 96554.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93990.838741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 94544.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92990.737469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 97257.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93772.427057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 93519.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92891.358635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 96275.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92575.626745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 93865.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93192.158556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 90948.621622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93713.403742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 92642.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92267.144504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93635.516129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 91856.324930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 98794.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93440.474472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 94087.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92264.577626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 93520.078947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92453.314985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92908.683366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              520.823862                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001250540                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1899906.148008                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    30.823862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.049397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1242491                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1242491                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1242491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1242491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1242491                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1242491                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7856587                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7856587                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7856587                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7856587                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7856587                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7856587                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1242540                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1242540                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1242540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1242540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1242540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1242540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 160338.510204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160338.510204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 160338.510204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160338.510204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 160338.510204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160338.510204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6202788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6202788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6202788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6202788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6202788                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6202788                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 167642.918919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167642.918919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 167642.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167642.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 167642.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167642.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 7361                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              166551993                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 7617                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             21865.825522                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   228.263956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    27.736044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.891656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.108344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       860112                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        860112                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       710782                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       710782                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1940                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1940                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1657                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1657                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1570894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1570894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1570894                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1570894                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        18744                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18744                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        18830                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        18830                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        18830                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        18830                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2241042731                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2241042731                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      7235766                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7235766                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2248278497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2248278497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2248278497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2248278497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       878856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       878856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       710868                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       710868                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1940                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1940                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1657                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1657                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1589724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1589724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1589724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1589724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.011845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.011845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 119560.538359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119560.538359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 84136.813953                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84136.813953                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 119398.751832                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119398.751832                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 119398.751832                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119398.751832                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          926                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             926                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        11398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        11469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        11469                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11469                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7361                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7361                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    788581360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    788581360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1082742                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1082742                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    789664102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    789664102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    789664102                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    789664102                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107348.401851                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107348.401851                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 72182.800000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72182.800000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107276.742562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107276.742562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107276.742562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107276.742562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              512.041814                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              996791479                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1920600.152216                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    30.041814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.048144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1229033                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1229033                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1229033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1229033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1229033                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1229033                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7339564                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7339564                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7339564                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7339564                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7339564                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7339564                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1229080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1229080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1229080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1229080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1229080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1229080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 156160.936170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156160.936170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 156160.936170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156160.936170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 156160.936170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156160.936170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5995393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5995393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5995393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5995393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5995393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5995393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162037.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162037.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162037.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162037.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162037.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162037.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 5558                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              157696327                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 5814                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             27123.551256                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   226.300058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    29.699942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.883985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.116015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       866012                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        866012                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       732034                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       732034                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1763                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1763                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1598046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1598046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1598046                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1598046                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19180                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19180                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          455                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          455                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19635                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        19635                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19635                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        19635                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2409448391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2409448391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     57309993                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     57309993                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2466758384                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2466758384                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2466758384                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2466758384                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       885192                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       885192                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       732489                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       732489                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1763                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1763                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1617681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1617681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1617681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1617681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000621                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000621                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 125622.960949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125622.960949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 125956.028571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125956.028571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 125630.679093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125630.679093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 125630.679093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125630.679093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1959                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            1959                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        13641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          436                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          436                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        14077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        14077                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14077                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5558                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5558                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    560561332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    560561332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1664385                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1664385                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    562225717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    562225717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    562225717                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    562225717                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006257                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006257                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003436                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003436                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003436                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003436                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 101202.623578                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101202.623578                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 87599.210526                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87599.210526                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 101156.120367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101156.120367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 101156.120367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101156.120367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              553.003397                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              915064403                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1634043.576786                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    27.056652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   525.946745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.043360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.842863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.886223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1245856                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1245856                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1245856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1245856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1245856                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1245856                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6730298                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6730298                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6730298                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6730298                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6730298                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6730298                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1245897                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1245897                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1245897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1245897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1245897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1245897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164153.609756                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164153.609756                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164153.609756                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164153.609756                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164153.609756                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164153.609756                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5581850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5581850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5581850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5581850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5581850                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5581850                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 169146.969697                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169146.969697                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 169146.969697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169146.969697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 169146.969697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169146.969697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 5739                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              204295636                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 5995                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             34077.670726                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   183.617175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    72.382825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.717255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.282745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1852217                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1852217                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       339435                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       339435                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          795                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          795                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2191652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        2191652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2191652                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       2191652                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20014                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20014                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           46                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           46                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20060                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        20060                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20060                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        20060                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2187941633                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2187941633                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      4933517                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4933517                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2192875150                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2192875150                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2192875150                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2192875150                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1872231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1872231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       339481                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       339481                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          802                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          795                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          795                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2211712                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2211712                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2211712                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2211712                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010690                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010690                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 109320.557260                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109320.557260                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 107250.369565                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107250.369565                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 109315.810070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109315.810070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 109315.810070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109315.810070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          645                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             645                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           37                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           37                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14321                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14321                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5739                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5739                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    587698093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    587698093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       759627                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       759627                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    588457720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    588457720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    588457720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    588457720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003061                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003061                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 102565.112216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102565.112216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        84403                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        84403                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 102536.630075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102536.630075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 102536.630075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102536.630075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              553.055021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              915064787                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1636967.418605                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    26.991980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   526.063041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.043256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.843050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.886306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1246240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1246240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1246240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1246240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1246240                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1246240                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6625344                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6625344                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6625344                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6625344                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6625344                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6625344                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1246279                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1246279                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1246279                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1246279                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1246279                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1246279                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 169880.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169880.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 169880.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169880.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 169880.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169880.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5424580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5424580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5424580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5424580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5424580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5424580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 169518.125000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169518.125000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 169518.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169518.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 169518.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169518.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 5748                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              204294958                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 6004                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             34026.475350                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   184.596556                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    71.403444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.721080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.278920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1851531                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1851531                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       339434                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       339434                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          810                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          810                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          796                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          796                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      2190965                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        2190965                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      2190965                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       2190965                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20095                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20095                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        20140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20140                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        20140                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2191277808                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2191277808                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      4674850                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4674850                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2195952658                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2195952658                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2195952658                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2195952658                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1871626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1871626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       339479                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       339479                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          810                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          810                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          796                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          796                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      2211105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2211105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      2211105                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2211105                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.010737                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010737                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 109045.922269                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109045.922269                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103885.555556                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103885.555556                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 109034.392155                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109034.392155                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 109034.392155                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109034.392155                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          631                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             631                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        14356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        14392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        14392                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14392                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5748                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5748                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    586264389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    586264389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       711300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       711300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    586975689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    586975689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    586975689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    586975689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102154.450078                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102154.450078                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 79033.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79033.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102118.247912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102118.247912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102118.247912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102118.247912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              569.397113                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1026158702                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1775361.076125                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    27.978228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   541.418885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.044837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.867658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.912495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1217376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1217376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1217376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1217376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1217376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1217376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7836330                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7836330                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7836330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7836330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7836330                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7836330                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1217423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1217423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1217423                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1217423                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1217423                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1217423                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 166730.425532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166730.425532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 166730.425532                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166730.425532                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 166730.425532                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166730.425532                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5964259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5964259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5964259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5964259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5964259                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5964259                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 170407.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170407.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 170407.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170407.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 170407.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170407.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 8148                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              404471490                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 8404                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             48128.449548                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   111.064649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   144.935351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.433846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.566154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      3187542                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3187542                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1744190                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1744190                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          857                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          857                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          852                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          852                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      4931732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        4931732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      4931732                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       4931732                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        28701                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28701                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           27                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           27                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        28728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        28728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        28728                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        28728                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3291786924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3291786924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      2214219                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2214219                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3294001143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3294001143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3294001143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3294001143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      3216243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3216243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1744217                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1744217                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          857                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          857                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          852                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          852                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      4960460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4960460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      4960460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4960460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008924                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008924                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 114692.412250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114692.412250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 82008.111111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82008.111111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 114661.693922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114661.693922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 114661.693922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114661.693922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1445                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            1445                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        20562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        20580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        20580                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20580                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    859734186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    859734186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       610231                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       610231                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    860344417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    860344417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    860344417                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    860344417                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105631.427202                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105631.427202                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 67803.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67803.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105589.643716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105589.643716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105589.643716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105589.643716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              511.275692                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              996792219                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1916908.113462                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    29.553900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   481.721793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.047362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.771990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1229773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1229773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1229773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1229773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1229773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1229773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7436015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7436015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7436015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7436015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7436015                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7436015                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1229821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1229821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1229821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1229821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1229821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1229821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154916.979167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154916.979167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154916.979167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154916.979167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154916.979167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154916.979167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6174180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6174180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6174180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6174180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6174180                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6174180                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 162478.421053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162478.421053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 162478.421053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162478.421053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 162478.421053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162478.421053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 5544                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              157694722                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 5800                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             27188.745172                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   226.299537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    29.700463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.883983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.116017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       864950                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        864950                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       731510                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       731510                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1746                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1746                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1682                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1682                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1596460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1596460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1596460                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1596460                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18927                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18927                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          453                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          453                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        19380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19380                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        19380                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2371013680                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2371013680                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     53084121                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     53084121                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2424097801                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2424097801                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2424097801                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2424097801                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       883877                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       883877                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       731963                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       731963                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1746                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1746                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1682                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1682                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1615840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1615840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1615840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1615840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000619                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000619                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011994                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011994                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011994                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011994                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 125271.499974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125271.499974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 117183.490066                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117183.490066                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 125082.445872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125082.445872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 125082.445872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125082.445872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1926                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            1926                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        13400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          436                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          436                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        13836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        13836                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13836                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    564186550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    564186550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1356182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1356182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    565542732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    565542732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    565542732                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    565542732                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003431                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003431                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003431                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003431                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 102078.261263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102078.261263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 79775.411765                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79775.411765                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 102009.872294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102009.872294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 102009.872294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102009.872294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              570.319266                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1026158391                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  581                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1766193.444062                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    29.313093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   541.006173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.046976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.866997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.913973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1217065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1217065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1217065                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1217065                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1217065                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1217065                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8098853                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8098853                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8098853                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8098853                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8098853                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8098853                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1217116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1217116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1217116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1217116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1217116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1217116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 158801.039216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158801.039216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 158801.039216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158801.039216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 158801.039216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158801.039216                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6412075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6412075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6412075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6412075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6412075                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6412075                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 168738.815789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168738.815789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 168738.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168738.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 168738.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168738.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 8131                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              404469111                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 8387                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             48225.719685                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   111.068172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   144.931828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.433860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.566140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      3185966                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3185966                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1743362                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1743362                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          883                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          883                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          851                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          851                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      4929328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        4929328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      4929328                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       4929328                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        28617                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28617                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        28646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        28646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        28646                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        28646                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3274724380                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3274724380                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      2488027                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2488027                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3277212407                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3277212407                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3277212407                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3277212407                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      3214583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3214583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1743391                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1743391                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          883                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          883                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          851                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          851                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      4957974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4957974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      4957974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4957974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008902                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008902                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 114432.832931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114432.832931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 85794.034483                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85794.034483                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 114403.840222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114403.840222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 114403.840222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114403.840222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1482                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            1482                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        20495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        20515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        20515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    858260019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    858260019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       655807                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       655807                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    858915826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    858915826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    858915826                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    858915826                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105671.019330                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105671.019330                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 72867.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72867.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105634.709876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105634.709876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105634.709876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105634.709876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              507.416622                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              995511711                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1936793.212062                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    32.416622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.051950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.813168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1248609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1248609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1248609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1248609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1248609                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1248609                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7525266                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7525266                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7525266                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7525266                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7525266                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7525266                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1248658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1248658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1248658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1248658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1248658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1248658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 153576.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153576.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 153576.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 153576.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 153576.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 153576.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6131036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6131036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6131036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6131036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6131036                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6131036                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 157206.051282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157206.051282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 157206.051282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157206.051282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 157206.051282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157206.051282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 4025                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              151805546                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 4281                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             35460.300397                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   222.950179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    33.049821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.870899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.129101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       858127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        858127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       720948                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       720948                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1852                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1852                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1736                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1736                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1579075                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1579075                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1579075                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1579075                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        12875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        12963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        12963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        12963                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        12963                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1536949623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1536949623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      6974188                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6974188                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1543923811                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1543923811                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1543923811                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1543923811                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       871002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       871002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       721036                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       721036                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1852                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1852                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1736                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1736                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1592038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1592038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1592038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1592038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.014782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 119374.728000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119374.728000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 79252.136364                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79252.136364                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 119102.353699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119102.353699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 119102.353699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119102.353699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          858                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             858                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         8865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         8938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         8938                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8938                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    404637505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    404637505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       977868                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       977868                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    405615373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    405615373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    405615373                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    405615373                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 100907.108479                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100907.108479                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 65191.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65191.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 100774.005714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100774.005714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 100774.005714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100774.005714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              519.862683                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1001250298                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1903517.676806                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    29.862683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.047857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1242249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1242249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1242249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1242249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1242249                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1242249                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7627561                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7627561                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7627561                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7627561                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7627561                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7627561                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1242297                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1242297                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1242297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1242297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1242297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1242297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 158907.520833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158907.520833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 158907.520833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158907.520833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 158907.520833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158907.520833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6012594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6012594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6012594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6012594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6012594                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6012594                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 167016.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167016.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 167016.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167016.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 167016.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167016.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 7358                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              166552170                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 7614                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             21874.464145                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   228.098329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    27.901671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.891009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.108991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       860027                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        860027                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       710993                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       710993                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1988                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1988                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1660                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1660                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1571020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1571020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1571020                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1571020                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18874                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18874                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           82                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           82                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        18956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18956                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        18956                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2249233218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2249233218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      7329971                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7329971                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2256563189                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2256563189                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2256563189                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2256563189                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       878901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       878901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       711075                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       711075                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1988                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1988                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1660                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1660                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1589976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1589976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1589976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1589976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 119170.987496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119170.987496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 89389.890244                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89389.890244                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 119042.160213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119042.160213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 119042.160213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119042.160213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          930                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             930                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        11531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        11598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        11598                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11598                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         7343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         7358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         7358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    788788640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    788788640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1081525                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1081525                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    789870165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    789870165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    789870165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    789870165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107420.487539                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107420.487539                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 72101.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72101.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107348.486681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107348.486681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107348.486681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107348.486681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              521.987470                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1001250087                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1899905.288425                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    31.987470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.051262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.836518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1242038                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1242038                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1242038                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1242038                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1242038                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1242038                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7529114                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7529114                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7529114                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7529114                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7529114                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7529114                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1242086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1242086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1242086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1242086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1242086                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1242086                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156856.541667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156856.541667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156856.541667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156856.541667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156856.541667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156856.541667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6044982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6044982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6044982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6044982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6044982                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6044982                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 163377.891892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163377.891892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 163377.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163377.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 163377.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163377.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 7344                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              166551888                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 7600                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             21914.722105                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   228.339963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    27.660037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.891953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.108047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       859974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        859974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       710842                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       710842                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1914                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1914                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1656                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1656                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1570816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1570816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1570816                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1570816                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18783                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18783                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        18868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18868                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        18868                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2251046342                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2251046342                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      7408025                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7408025                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2258454367                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2258454367                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2258454367                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2258454367                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       878757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       878757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       710927                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       710927                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1914                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1914                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1656                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1656                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1589684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1589684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1589684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1589684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021375                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021375                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 119844.877922                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119844.877922                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 87153.235294                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87153.235294                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 119697.602661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119697.602661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 119697.602661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119697.602661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          903                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             903                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        11454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        11524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        11524                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11524                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         7329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         7344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         7344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    790039120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    790039120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1076004                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1076004                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    791115124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    791115124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    791115124                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    791115124                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008340                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008340                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 107796.305089                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107796.305089                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 71733.600000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71733.600000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 107722.647603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107722.647603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 107722.647603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107722.647603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              572.251600                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1026158670                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  581                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1766193.924269                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    30.454817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   541.796783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.048806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.868264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.917070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1217344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1217344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1217344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1217344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1217344                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1217344                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7938135                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7938135                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7938135                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7938135                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7938135                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7938135                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1217393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1217393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1217393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1217393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1217393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1217393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 162002.755102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162002.755102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 162002.755102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162002.755102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 162002.755102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162002.755102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6281901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6281901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6281901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6281901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6281901                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6281901                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 165313.184211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165313.184211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 165313.184211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165313.184211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 165313.184211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165313.184211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 8145                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              404463769                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 8401                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             48144.717177                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   111.075827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   144.924173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.433890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.566110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      3182411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3182411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1741608                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1741608                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          851                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          851                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          850                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          850                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      4924019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        4924019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      4924019                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       4924019                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        28613                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28613                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           28                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           28                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        28641                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        28641                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        28641                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        28641                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3292039766                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3292039766                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      2174592                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2174592                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3294214358                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3294214358                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3294214358                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3294214358                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      3211024                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3211024                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1741636                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1741636                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          851                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          851                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          850                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          850                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      4952660                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4952660                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      4952660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4952660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008911                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008911                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000016                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 115053.988257                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115053.988257                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        77664                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        77664                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 115017.435076                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115017.435076                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 115017.435076                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115017.435076                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1422                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            1422                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        20477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        20496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        20496                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20496                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         8136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         8145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         8145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    864191292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    864191292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       591966                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       591966                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    864783258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    864783258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    864783258                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    864783258                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106218.202065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106218.202065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        65774                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        65774                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106173.512339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106173.512339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106173.512339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106173.512339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              486.191848                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              998620032                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             2021498.040486                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    31.191848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.049987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.779154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1257512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1257512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1257512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1257512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1257512                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1257512                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7956998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7956998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7956998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7956998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7956998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7956998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1257562                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1257562                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1257562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1257562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1257562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1257562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 159139.960000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159139.960000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 159139.960000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159139.960000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 159139.960000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159139.960000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6360612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6360612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6360612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6360612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6360612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6360612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163092.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163092.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163092.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163092.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163092.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163092.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 3753                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              148109998                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 4009                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             36944.374657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   217.425339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    38.574661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.849318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.150682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1000608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1000608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       742345                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       742345                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1905                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1905                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1804                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1804                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1742953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1742953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1742953                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1742953                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9560                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9560                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9649                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         9649                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9649                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         9649                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    999680505                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    999680505                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      7090732                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7090732                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1006771237                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1006771237                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1006771237                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1006771237                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1010168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1010168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       742434                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       742434                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1905                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1905                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1804                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1804                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1752602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1752602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1752602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1752602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005506                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005506                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005506                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005506                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104569.090481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104569.090481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 79671.146067                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79671.146067                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104339.437973                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104339.437973                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104339.437973                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104339.437973                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        49725                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        49725                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          794                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             794                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         5823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         5896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         5896                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5896                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    356920874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    356920874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1164161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1164161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    358085035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    358085035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    358085035                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    358085035                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002141                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002141                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002141                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002141                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 95510.001070                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95510.001070                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 72760.062500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72760.062500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 95413.012257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95413.012257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 95413.012257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95413.012257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              553.272145                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              915064322                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1636966.586762                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    27.325873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   525.946272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.043791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.842863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.886654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1245775                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1245775                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1245775                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1245775                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1245775                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1245775                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6229155                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6229155                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6229155                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6229155                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6229155                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6229155                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1245814                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1245814                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1245814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1245814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1245814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1245814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 159721.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159721.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 159721.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159721.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 159721.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159721.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5221519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5221519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5221519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5221519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5221519                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5221519                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 163172.468750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163172.468750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 163172.468750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163172.468750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 163172.468750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163172.468750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 5740                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              204297170                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 5996                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             34072.243162                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   184.717046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    71.282954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.721551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.278449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1853741                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1853741                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       339438                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       339438                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          808                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          808                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          796                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          796                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      2193179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        2193179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      2193179                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       2193179                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20074                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20074                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        20119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20119                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        20119                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2189086409                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2189086409                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      5388972                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5388972                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2194475381                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2194475381                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2194475381                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2194475381                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1873815                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1873815                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       339483                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       339483                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          808                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          808                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          796                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          796                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      2213298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2213298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      2213298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2213298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010713                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010713                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009090                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009090                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009090                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009090                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109050.832370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109050.832370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 119754.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119754.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109074.774144                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109074.774144                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109074.774144                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109074.774144                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          640                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             640                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        14343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        14379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        14379                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14379                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5740                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5740                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    587347953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    587347953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       808100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       808100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    588156053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    588156053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    588156053                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    588156053                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 102486.119874                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102486.119874                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 89788.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89788.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 102466.211324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102466.211324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 102466.211324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102466.211324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              485.825217                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              998619762                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             2025597.894523                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    30.825217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.049399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.778566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1257242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1257242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1257242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1257242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1257242                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1257242                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8239391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8239391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8239391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8239391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8239391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8239391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1257294                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1257294                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1257294                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1257294                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1257294                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1257294                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 158449.826923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158449.826923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 158449.826923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158449.826923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 158449.826923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158449.826923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6348739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6348739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6348739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6348739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6348739                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6348739                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 167072.078947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167072.078947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 167072.078947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167072.078947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 167072.078947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167072.078947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 3736                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              148109374                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 3992                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             37101.546593                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   217.046707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    38.953293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.847839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.152161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1000247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1000247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       742093                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       742093                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1894                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1894                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1804                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1804                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1742340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1742340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1742340                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1742340                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9549                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9549                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         9639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9639                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         9639                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1003182582                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1003182582                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      6928497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6928497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1010111079                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1010111079                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1010111079                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1010111079                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1009796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1009796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       742183                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       742183                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1894                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1894                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1804                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1804                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1751979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1751979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1751979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1751979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005502                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005502                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005502                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005502                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105056.297204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105056.297204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 76983.300000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76983.300000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104794.177716                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104794.177716                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104794.177716                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104794.177716                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          791                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             791                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         5830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         5903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         5903                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5903                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3736                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3736                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    358240011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    358240011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1227157                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1227157                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    359467168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    359467168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    359467168                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    359467168                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002132                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002132                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002132                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002132                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 96326.972573                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96326.972573                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 72185.705882                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72185.705882                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 96217.122056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96217.122056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 96217.122056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96217.122056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              521.218452                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1001250919                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1903518.857414                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    31.218452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.050030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.835286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1242870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1242870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1242870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1242870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1242870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1242870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7841733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7841733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7841733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7841733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7841733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7841733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1242917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1242917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1242917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1242917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1242917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1242917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 166845.382979                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166845.382979                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 166845.382979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166845.382979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 166845.382979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166845.382979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6072878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6072878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6072878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6072878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6072878                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6072878                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 168691.055556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168691.055556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 168691.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168691.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 168691.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168691.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 7316                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              166552138                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 7572                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             21995.792129                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   228.130978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    27.869022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.891137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.108863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       860203                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        860203                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       710782                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       710782                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1993                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1993                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1570985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1570985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1570985                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1570985                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18698                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18698                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           92                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           92                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18790                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        18790                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18790                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        18790                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2222522856                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2222522856                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      8321273                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8321273                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2230844129                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2230844129                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2230844129                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2230844129                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       878901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       878901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       710874                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       710874                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1993                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1993                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1589775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1589775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1589775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1589775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 118864.202375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118864.202375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 90448.619565                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90448.619565                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 118725.073390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118725.073390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 118725.073390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118725.073390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          915                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             915                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        11397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        11474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        11474                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11474                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         7301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         7316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         7316                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7316                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    781423475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    781423475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1123658                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1123658                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    782547133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    782547133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    782547133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    782547133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107029.650048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107029.650048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 74910.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74910.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106963.796200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106963.796200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106963.796200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106963.796200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              514.122081                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              996792169                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1913228.731286                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    32.122081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.051478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.823914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1229723                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1229723                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1229723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1229723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1229723                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1229723                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7894815                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7894815                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7894815                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7894815                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7894815                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7894815                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1229771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1229771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1229771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1229771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1229771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1229771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 164475.312500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164475.312500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 164475.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164475.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 164475.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164475.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6548884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6548884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6548884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6548884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6548884                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6548884                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 167920.102564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167920.102564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 167920.102564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167920.102564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 167920.102564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167920.102564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 5543                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              157694309                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 5799                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             27193.362476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   226.304594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    29.695406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.884002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.115998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       864786                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        864786                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       731244                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       731244                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1763                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1763                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1682                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1682                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1596030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1596030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1596030                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1596030                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19056                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19056                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          455                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          455                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19511                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        19511                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19511                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        19511                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2378251437                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2378251437                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     53796202                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     53796202                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2432047639                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2432047639                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2432047639                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2432047639                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       883842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       883842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       731699                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       731699                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1763                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1763                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1682                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1682                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1615541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1615541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1615541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1615541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021560                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021560                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000622                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000622                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 124803.286996                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124803.286996                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 118233.410989                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118233.410989                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 124650.076316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124650.076316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 124650.076316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124650.076316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1921                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            1921                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        13530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          438                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          438                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        13968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        13968                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13968                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5543                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5543                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    558191806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    558191806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1324967                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1324967                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    559516773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    559516773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    559516773                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    559516773                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006252                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006252                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003431                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003431                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003431                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003431                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 101011.908433                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101011.908433                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 77939.235294                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77939.235294                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 100941.146130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100941.146130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 100941.146130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100941.146130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
