
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001128                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1128031704                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               400624746102                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 380832                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   503654                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  37021                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67762304                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 30469.94                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11603942522                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15346320223                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        14976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        68480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        32768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        32640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        14976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        11008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        24448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        24448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        24448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        19200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        24448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        24448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        14720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        32768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        32768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        32768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               466432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           37120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       134400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            134400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          535                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          255                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          117                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data           86                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          191                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          191                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          191                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          191                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          191                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          115                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  3644                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1050                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1050                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3063744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     13276223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      2836800                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     60707514                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1588608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     29048829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1588608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     28935357                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3063744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     13276223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2836800                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data      9758591                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1702080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     21673150                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1702080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     21673150                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1702080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     21673150                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1588608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     17020798                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1702080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     21673150                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1702080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     21673150                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3063744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     13049279                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1588608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     29048829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1588608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     29048829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1588608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     29048829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               413491924                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3063744                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      2836800                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1588608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1588608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3063744                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2836800                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1702080                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1702080                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1702080                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1588608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1702080                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1702080                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3063744                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1588608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1588608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1588608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           32906877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         119145587                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              119145587                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         119145587                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      3063744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     13276223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      2836800                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     60707514                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1588608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     29048829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      1588608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     28935357                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      3063744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     13276223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      2836800                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data      9758591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1702080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     21673150                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      1702080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     21673150                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      1702080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     21673150                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      1588608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     17020798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      1702080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     21673150                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1702080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     21673150                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      3063744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     13049279                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      1588608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     29048829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      1588608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     29048829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      1588608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     29048829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              532637512                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         210690                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172558                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21976                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86427                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80773                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21243                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1006                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2011514                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1178591                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            210690                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       102016                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              244796                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         61078                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       115293                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles          640                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          124474                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21813                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2411080                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600632                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940709                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2166284     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          11230      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          17825      0.74%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          23879      0.99%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          25123      1.04%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          21391      0.89%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          11493      0.48%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          17591      0.73%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         116264      4.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2411080                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077886                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.435690                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1991681                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       136251                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          244135                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          395                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        38616                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        34332                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1444721                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1257                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        38616                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1997669                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         15898                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       107328                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          238522                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        13043                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1443017                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         1786                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         5701                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2014017                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6710241                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6710241                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1715223                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         298783                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          347                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          178                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           40504                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       136070                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        72363                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads          809                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        27284                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1439616                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          349                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1356974                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          338                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       177271                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       431350                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2411080                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.562808                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.252021                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1829521     75.88%     75.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       245410     10.18%     86.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122608      5.09%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86451      3.59%     94.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69333      2.88%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28840      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18198      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9477      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1242      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2411080                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           310     12.77%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead          887     36.55%     49.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1230     50.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1141483     84.12%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20236      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          168      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       123081      9.07%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        72006      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1356974                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.501633                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2427                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001789                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5127792                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1617250                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1334937                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1359401                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2936                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24619                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1467                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        38616                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         12912                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1151                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1439971                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          652                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       136070                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72363                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          179                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          968                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12082                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12932                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        25014                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1337075                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       115700                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19898                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             187684                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         189544                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            71984                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.494277                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1335028                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1334937                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          767690                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2069518                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.493487                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.370951                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1230442                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       209535                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          341                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        22032                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2372464                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518635                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352008                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1860346     78.41%     78.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       257252     10.84%     89.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93960      3.96%     93.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        45024      1.90%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42288      1.78%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22082      0.93%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16500      0.70%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8460      0.36%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26552      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2372464                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1230442                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               182347                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              111451                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           177388                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1108626                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        25333                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        26552                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3785876                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2918581                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 32161                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                294033                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1230442                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.705113                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.705113                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.369670                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.369670                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6016422                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1861080                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1338479                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         148562                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       121069                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16209                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        60249                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          56125                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          14610                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          701                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1435731                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts               878838                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            148562                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches        70735                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              180072                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         51617                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       178114                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines           90178                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16140                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      1828719                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585029                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932989                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        1648647     90.15%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1           9433      0.52%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          14921      0.82%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          22285      1.22%     92.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4           9531      0.52%     93.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          11303      0.62%     93.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          11658      0.64%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7           8391      0.46%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8          92550      5.06%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      1828719                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.054919                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.324880                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1416612                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       197906                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          178577                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         1149                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        34470                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        24065                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          334                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1065642                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1376                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        34470                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1420478                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         53117                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       130476                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          175898                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        14275                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1062592                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          974                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         3737                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         6307                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3131                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1451448                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      4953336                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      4953336                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1181391                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         270057                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          242                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          132                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           34807                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       109290                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        59574                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3065                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        11495                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1058394                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          244                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued          982005                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1995                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       172964                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       404591                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1828719                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.536991                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.224964                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1409348     77.07%     77.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       170921      9.35%     86.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        93676      5.12%     91.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61733      3.38%     94.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        56086      3.07%     97.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        17466      0.96%     98.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12319      0.67%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4415      0.24%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2755      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1828719                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           293     12.04%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1025     42.11%     54.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1116     45.85%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       807846     82.26%     82.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18028      1.84%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          108      0.01%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        97939      9.97%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        58084      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total       982005                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.363018                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2434                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002479                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3797158                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1231679                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       963212                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses       984439                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4686                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25354                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           80                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4616                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          788                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        34470                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         41453                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1475                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1058642                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           47                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       109290                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        59574                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          134                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          783                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           81                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           80                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8517                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10131                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        18648                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts       967291                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        92729                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        14714                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             150684                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         130905                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            57955                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.357579                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent               963349                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count              963212                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          570169                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1447168                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.356071                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.393990                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts       708299                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps       863927                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       195471                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          221                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        16429                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1794249                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.481498                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323908                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1443743     80.47%     80.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166915      9.30%     89.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        69420      3.87%     93.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        35561      1.98%     95.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26370      1.47%     97.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15112      0.84%     97.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9443      0.53%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7689      0.43%     98.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        19996      1.11%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1794249                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts       708299                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps       863927                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               138894                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads               83936                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               110                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           120028                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts          781000                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        16847                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        19996                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            2833638                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2153279                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 26458                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                876394                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts            708299                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps              863927                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total       708299                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     3.819168                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               3.819168                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.261837                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.261837                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        4391441                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1315221                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1009098                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          220                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         192779                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173611                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11860                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        75271                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          67025                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10467                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          511                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2028033                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1211673                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            192779                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches        77492                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              238781                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         37400                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       211042                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          118004                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11769                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2503132                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.568474                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.882534                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2264351     90.46%     90.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1           8213      0.33%     90.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          17669      0.71%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3           7023      0.28%     91.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          39032      1.56%     93.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          34983      1.40%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           6669      0.27%     95.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          14247      0.57%     95.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         110945      4.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2503132                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.071265                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.447920                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2008860                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       230590                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          237837                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          741                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        25098                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        17067                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          178                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1420276                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        25098                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2012006                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        204393                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        16455                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          235573                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         9601                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1418715                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         4545                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         3376                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents            4                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1673600                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      6676964                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      6676964                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1450469                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         223119                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          169                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts           89                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           23969                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       331657                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       166721                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1519                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores         8157                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1414125                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          169                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1349562                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          961                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       127813                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       310605                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2503132                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.539149                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.331297                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2019474     80.68%     80.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       146944      5.87%     86.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119492      4.77%     91.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        51650      2.06%     93.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64928      2.59%     95.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        61190      2.44%     98.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        34889      1.39%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2832      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1733      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2503132                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3371     11.27%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        25774     86.19%     97.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          760      2.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       850210     63.00%     63.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11764      0.87%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       321364     23.81%     87.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       166144     12.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1349562                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.498893                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29905                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022159                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5233122                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1542159                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1336350                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1379467                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2396                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15693                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           52                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1526                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          117                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        25098                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        197858                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2238                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1414294                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           16                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       331657                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       166721                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           89                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1410                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           52                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6191                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7410                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        13601                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1338792                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       320234                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10770                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             486346                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         175106                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           166112                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.494912                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1336464                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1336350                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          723212                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1430757                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.494009                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.505475                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1076729                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1265262                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       149147                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          160                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        11910                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2478034                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.510591                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.329371                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2017115     81.40%     81.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       169632      6.85%     88.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        79109      3.19%     91.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        77959      3.15%     94.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21034      0.85%     95.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89102      3.60%     99.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6900      0.28%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4975      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12208      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2478034                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1076729                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1265262                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               481152                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              315957                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars                80                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           167078                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1125122                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        12254                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        12208                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3880235                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2853940                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 44879                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                201981                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1076729                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1265262                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1076729                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.512343                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.512343                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.398035                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.398035                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        6611736                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1556930                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1683485                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         191884                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172674                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11786                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        78067                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          66857                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10450                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          517                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2016936                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1205575                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            191884                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches        77307                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              237742                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         37112                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       215799                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          117368                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11691                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2495547                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.567429                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.880805                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2257805     90.47%     90.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1           8298      0.33%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          17547      0.70%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3           7053      0.28%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          38872      1.56%     93.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          34708      1.39%     94.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6           6739      0.27%     95.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          14167      0.57%     95.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         110358      4.42%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2495547                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.070934                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.445665                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        1997654                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       235457                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          236804                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          734                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        24892                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        17100                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          178                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1413268                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        24892                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2000722                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        211116                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        14961                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          234640                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         9210                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1411679                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         4359                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         3233                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents           39                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      1666524                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      6643656                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      6643656                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1444765                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         221747                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts           86                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           23270                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       329130                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       165499                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1604                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores         8133                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1407062                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          166                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1342962                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          968                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       127538                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       308827                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2495547                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.538143                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.330752                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2014757     80.73%     80.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       145783      5.84%     86.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       118637      4.75%     91.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        51396      2.06%     93.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64745      2.59%     95.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        60943      2.44%     98.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        34683      1.39%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2900      0.12%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1703      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2495547                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3420     11.47%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        25630     85.92%     97.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          779      2.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       847302     63.09%     63.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11782      0.88%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       318901     23.75%     87.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       164897     12.28%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1342962                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.496453                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29829                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022211                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5212268                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1534813                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1329875                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1372791                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2454                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15646                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           47                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1544                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          119                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        24892                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        204614                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2352                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1407228                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           14                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       329130                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       165499                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           86                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1446                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           47                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6146                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7341                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        13487                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1332341                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       317732                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10621                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             482593                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         174354                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           164861                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.492527                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1329982                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1329875                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          719781                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         1426544                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.491615                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.504563                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1071273                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1259062                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       148267                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          160                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        11832                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2470655                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.509607                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.329083                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2012444     81.45%     81.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       168505      6.82%     88.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        78601      3.18%     91.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        77235      3.13%     94.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21231      0.86%     95.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        88547      3.58%     99.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6917      0.28%     99.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4911      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12264      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2470655                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1071273                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1259062                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               477432                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              313477                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars                80                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           166334                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1119666                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        12254                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        12264                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3865720                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2839572                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 44776                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                209566                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1071273                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1259062                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1071273                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.525139                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.525139                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.396018                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.396018                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        6577208                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1550564                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1673603                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2705107                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         210431                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172338                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21948                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86322                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80671                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21208                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1005                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2008699                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1177044                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            210431                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       101879                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              244475                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         61002                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       112427                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.MiscStallCycles          640                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          124308                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21785                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2405030                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601336                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941724                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2160555     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          11211      0.47%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          17812      0.74%     91.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          23845      0.99%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          25102      1.04%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          21364      0.89%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          11464      0.48%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          17566      0.73%     95.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         116111      4.83%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2405030                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077790                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.435119                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        1988876                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       133376                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          243810                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          398                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        38568                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        34293                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1442780                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1257                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        38568                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        1994859                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         14325                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       106051                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          238203                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        13020                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1441032                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         1780                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         5692                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      2011271                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      6700870                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      6700870                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1712811                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         298460                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          347                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          178                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           40491                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       135873                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        72241                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads          807                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        27213                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1437603                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          349                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1355033                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          343                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       177046                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       430907                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2405030                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.563416                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.252507                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1824279     75.85%     75.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       245059     10.19%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122472      5.09%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86329      3.59%     94.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69213      2.88%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28797      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18201      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9440      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1240      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2405030                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           310     12.78%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead          888     36.60%     49.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1228     50.62%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1139898     84.12%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20189      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          168      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       122890      9.07%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71888      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1355033                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.500917                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2426                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001790                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5117865                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1615012                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1333040                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1357459                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2928                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24589                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1463                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        38568                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         11365                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1151                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1437958                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          652                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       135873                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72241                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          179                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          967                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12063                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12919                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        24982                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1335177                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       115529                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19856                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             187395                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         189304                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            71866                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.493576                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1333131                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1333040                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          766579                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2066533                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.492786                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.370949                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts       998601                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1228684                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       209285                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          341                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        22004                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2366462                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.519207                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352610                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1855047     78.39%     78.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       256906     10.86%     89.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93835      3.97%     93.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44971      1.90%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42234      1.78%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22037      0.93%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16468      0.70%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8446      0.36%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26518      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2366462                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts       998601                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1228684                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               182062                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              111284                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           177164                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1107014                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        25291                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        26518                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3777900                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2914512                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 32118                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                300077                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts            998601                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1228684                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total       998601                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.708897                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.708897                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.369154                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.369154                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        6007749                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1858455                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1336671                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2705112                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         234365                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       195301                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23002                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        91017                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83378                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24692                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1039                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2029360                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1285526                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            234365                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       108070                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              266903                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         65149                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       172432                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3737                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           85                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          127675                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21956                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2514448                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628800                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.996421                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2247545     89.39%     89.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          16078      0.64%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          20399      0.81%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          32683      1.30%     92.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          13361      0.53%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          17424      0.69%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          20267      0.81%     94.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7           9535      0.38%     94.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         137156      5.45%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2514448                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.086638                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.475221                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        2021236                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       185741                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          265591                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          160                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        41714                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        35339                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1570658                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1292                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        41714                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        2023754                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles          6390                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       173219                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          263201                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         6164                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1560679                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents          859                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         4195                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      2180836                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      7253262                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      7253262                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1788676                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         392160                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          371                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          193                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           22750                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       147833                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        75278                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          872                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        17078                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1521849                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          374                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1447966                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2031                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       206599                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       438106                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2514448                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575858                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301401                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1902458     75.66%     75.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       278167     11.06%     86.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       113922      4.53%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64556      2.57%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        86181      3.43%     97.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27496      1.09%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26707      1.06%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13847      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1114      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2514448                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10203     78.80%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1432     11.06%     89.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1313     10.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1220027     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19576      1.35%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          177      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       133243      9.20%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74943      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1447966                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.535270                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12948                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008942                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5425359                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1728842                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1407973                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1460914                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1121                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31580                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1436                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        41714                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles          4789                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles          665                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1522224                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          960                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       147833                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75278                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          194                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          591                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12917                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13268                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        26185                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1421223                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130441                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26743                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             205358                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         200285                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            74917                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.525384                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1408009                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1407973                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          843467                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         2268487                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.520486                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.371819                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1040427                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1281930                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       240299                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          361                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        22987                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2472734                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518426                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.336315                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1929786     78.04%     78.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       275549     11.14%     89.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        99877      4.04%     93.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49462      2.00%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45379      1.84%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19187      0.78%     97.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19050      0.77%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9062      0.37%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25382      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2472734                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      1040427                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1281930                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               190095                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              116253                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               180                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           185759                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1154170                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        26450                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        25382                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3969568                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           3086178                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 32836                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                190664                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           1040427                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1281930                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      1040427                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.600002                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.600002                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.384615                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.384615                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        6392411                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1969900                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1450486                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          360                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         188949                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167498                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16460                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       122242                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         117266                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11602                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          558                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1958294                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1070629                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            188949                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       128868                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              237525                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         53470                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        80565                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          119779                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16053                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2313305                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523040                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.773837                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2075780     89.73%     89.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          35282      1.53%     91.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          18630      0.81%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          34174      1.48%     93.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          11666      0.50%     94.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          31553      1.36%     95.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6           5131      0.22%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7           9040      0.39%     96.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8          92049      3.98%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2313305                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.069849                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.395780                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        1931608                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       107919                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          236939                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          262                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        36576                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        18999                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          346                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1205995                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1369                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        36576                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        1934893                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         70267                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        27919                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          233740                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles         9909                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1203582                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents          981                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         8041                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1588184                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      5464724                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      5464724                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1264939                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         323240                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          165                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           21001                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       209195                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        36173                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads          281                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores         8220                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1195770                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1111082                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1084                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       228929                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       482897                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2313305                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.480301                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.099375                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1827412     79.00%     79.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       156601      6.77%     85.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       157948      6.83%     92.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92425      4.00%     96.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        50005      2.16%     98.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13150      0.57%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15104      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          364      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          296      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2313305                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2047     57.92%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead          834     23.60%     81.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          653     18.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       876968     78.93%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9119      0.82%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           82      0.01%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       189146     17.02%     96.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        35767      3.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1111082                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.410734                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3534                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003181                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4540087                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1424873                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1081322                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1114616                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          913                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        44611                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            9                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1073                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        36576                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         58070                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles          988                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1195935                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           62                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       209195                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        36173                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           83                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          413                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           22                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            9                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9859                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7547                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        17406                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1094811                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       185913                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16271                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             221671                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         165709                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            35758                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.404719                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1081659                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1081322                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          653757                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1454135                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.399733                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.449585                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       852101                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps       964675                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       231320                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        16198                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2276729                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.423711                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288233                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1915186     84.12%     84.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       143705      6.31%     90.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90867      3.99%     94.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28479      1.25%     95.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46832      2.06%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9614      0.42%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6244      0.27%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5479      0.24%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30323      1.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2276729                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       852101                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps       964675                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               199684                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              164584                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           147840                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts          844152                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        12480                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        30323                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3442401                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2428591                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 44389                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                391808                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            852101                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps              964675                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       852101                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     3.174639                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               3.174639                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.314996                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.314996                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        5074340                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1418065                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1265209                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         188691                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167293                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16434                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       122134                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         117160                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11569                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          557                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1955656                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1069250                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            188691                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       128729                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              237211                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         53401                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        80480                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          119616                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16021                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2310225                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523034                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.773813                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2073014     89.73%     89.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          35249      1.53%     91.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          18582      0.80%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          34144      1.48%     93.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          11628      0.50%     94.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          31540      1.37%     95.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6           5126      0.22%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7           9022      0.39%     96.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8          91920      3.98%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2310225                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.069753                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.395270                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        1929391                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       107416                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          236623                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          261                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        36533                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        18949                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          346                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1204333                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1369                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        36533                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        1932647                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         71291                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        26491                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          233437                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         9825                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1201792                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents          986                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         7955                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1585617                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      5456413                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      5456413                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1262762                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         322850                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          165                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           20934                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       209036                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        36087                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads          281                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores         8190                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1193933                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1109347                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1074                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       228683                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       482423                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2310225                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.480190                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.099187                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1825082     79.00%     79.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       156263      6.76%     85.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       157843      6.83%     92.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92292      3.99%     96.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        49888      2.16%     98.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13129      0.57%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15067      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          365      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          296      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2310225                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2039     57.84%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead          833     23.63%     81.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          653     18.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       875497     78.92%     78.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9083      0.82%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           82      0.01%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       189004     17.04%     96.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        35681      3.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1109347                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.410093                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3525                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003178                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4533518                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1422790                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1079618                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1112872                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          913                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        44595                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            9                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1073                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        36533                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         59319                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles          971                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1194098                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           56                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       209036                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        36087                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           83                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          410                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           21                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            9                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9846                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7530                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        17376                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1093113                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       185772                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16234                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             221444                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         165462                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            35672                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.404091                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1079956                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1079618                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          652799                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         1451555                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.399103                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.449724                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts       850828                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps       963087                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       231066                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        16172                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2273692                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.423578                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288138                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1912780     84.13%     84.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       143419      6.31%     90.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90743      3.99%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28422      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46765      2.06%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9581      0.42%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6225      0.27%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5455      0.24%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30302      1.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2273692                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts       850828                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps       963087                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               199452                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              164438                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           147613                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts          842712                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        12442                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        30302                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3437543                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2424866                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 44350                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                394888                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts            850828                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps              963087                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total       850828                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     3.179389                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               3.179389                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.314526                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.314526                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        5066685                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1415698                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1263631                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2705106                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         189686                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       168088                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16518                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       122549                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         117550                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11672                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          560                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1964385                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1074568                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            189686                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       129222                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              238390                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         53633                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        76017                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          120147                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16102                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2315818                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.524599                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.776468                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2077428     89.71%     89.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          35349      1.53%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          18734      0.81%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          34240      1.48%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          11745      0.51%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          31606      1.36%     95.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6           5157      0.22%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7           9085      0.39%     96.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8          92474      3.99%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2315818                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.070121                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.397237                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1938085                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       102997                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          237793                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          263                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        36679                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        19131                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          348                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1210840                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1370                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        36679                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1941340                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         65204                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        28135                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          234611                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         9848                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1208307                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents          983                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         7973                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1594726                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      5486804                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      5486804                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1270396                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         324330                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           20988                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       209641                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        36414                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads          282                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores         8268                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1200435                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1115502                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1089                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       229626                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       484307                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2315818                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481688                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.100850                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1828011     78.94%     78.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       157379      6.80%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       158370      6.84%     92.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92743      4.00%     96.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        50243      2.17%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13211      0.57%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15198      0.66%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          365      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          298      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2315818                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2052     57.87%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead          837     23.60%     81.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          657     18.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       880692     78.95%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9171      0.82%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     79.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       189548     16.99%     96.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        36008      3.23%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1115502                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.412369                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3546                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003179                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4551457                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1430235                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1085626                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1119048                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          913                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        44694                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            9                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1077                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        36679                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         53229                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles          971                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1200600                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           58                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       209641                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        36414                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           83                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          410                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           20                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            9                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9887                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7580                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        17467                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1099136                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       186297                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16366                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             222296                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         166360                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            35999                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.406319                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1085964                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1085626                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          656238                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1461246                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.401325                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.449095                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts       855295                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps       968638                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       232022                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        16254                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2279139                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.425002                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289608                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1915893     84.06%     84.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       144495      6.34%     90.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91284      4.01%     94.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28632      1.26%     95.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46981      2.06%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9665      0.42%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6287      0.28%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5508      0.24%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30394      1.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2279139                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts       855295                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps       968638                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               200284                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              164947                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           148446                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts          847700                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        12564                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        30394                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3449405                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2438021                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 44491                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                389288                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts            855295                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps              968638                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total       855295                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     3.162775                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               3.162775                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.316178                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.316178                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        5093717                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1423981                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1269660                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         201382                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       165095                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21524                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        81094                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76359                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20375                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          944                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1925669                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1150555                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            201382                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches        96734                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              251439                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         62114                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       188193                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          120345                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21341                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2405489                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585675                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.926665                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2154050     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          26675      1.11%     90.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          31019      1.29%     91.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          16949      0.70%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          19245      0.80%     93.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          11087      0.46%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6           7547      0.31%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          19759      0.82%     95.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         119158      4.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2405489                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.074445                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.425326                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1909834                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       204600                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          249214                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1996                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        39840                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        32581                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          349                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1404385                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1928                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        39840                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        1913291                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         16903                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       178928                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          247721                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         8801                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1402520                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         1717                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         4331                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1951683                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      6529024                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      6529024                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1631026                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         320657                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          362                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          203                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           26127                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       134741                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        71920                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1692                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        15831                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1398199                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          361                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1311196                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1903                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       195774                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       457466                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           45                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2405489                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.545085                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.240386                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1854570     77.10%     77.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       220548      9.17%     86.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119297      4.96%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82526      3.43%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        72253      3.00%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        36905      1.53%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9152      0.38%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5877      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4361      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2405489                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           322     10.75%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1385     46.24%     56.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1288     43.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1098175     83.75%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20440      1.56%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          159      0.01%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       121143      9.24%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71279      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1311196                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.484710                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2995                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002284                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5032779                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1594366                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1286723                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1314191                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3131                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26846                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           32                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2138                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           79                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           74                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        39840                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         12709                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1050                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1398561                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          292                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       134741                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        71920                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          203                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          724                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           32                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11828                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12568                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        24396                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1289624                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       113145                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21572                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             184384                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         179527                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            71239                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.476736                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1286816                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1286723                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          765973                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         2009356                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.475663                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.381203                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts       957556                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1174672                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       223899                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          316                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        21485                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2365649                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.496554                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.311547                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1885527     79.70%     79.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       222794      9.42%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93733      3.96%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55439      2.34%     95.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38592      1.63%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25233      1.07%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13352      0.56%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10382      0.44%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20597      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2365649                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts       957556                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1174672                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               177677                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              107895                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               158                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           168119                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1059004                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        23889                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        20597                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3743623                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2836985                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 31471                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                299624                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            957556                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1174672                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total       957556                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.825018                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.825018                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.353980                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.353980                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        5814599                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1789573                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1307847                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          316                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2705108                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         189532                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       168026                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16498                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       122380                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         117563                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11698                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          560                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1963078                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1074304                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            189532                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       129261                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              238261                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         53570                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        79257                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          120072                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16093                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2317580                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523997                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.775123                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2079319     89.72%     89.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          35092      1.51%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          18784      0.81%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          34276      1.48%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          11849      0.51%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          31694      1.37%     95.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6           5231      0.23%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7           9015      0.39%     96.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8          92320      3.98%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2317580                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.070064                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.397139                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        1936848                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       106168                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          237643                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          281                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        36639                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        19018                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          346                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1210355                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1362                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        36639                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        1940119                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         67164                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        29309                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          234474                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         9874                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1207794                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         1018                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         7962                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1594302                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      5484637                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      5484637                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1270053                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         324249                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           21081                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       209462                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        36408                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          323                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores         8259                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1199826                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1115248                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1087                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       229322                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       483412                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2317580                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481212                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.100477                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1829820     78.95%     78.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       157400      6.79%     85.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       158416      6.84%     92.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92858      4.01%     96.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        49920      2.15%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13176      0.57%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15339      0.66%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          360      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          291      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2317580                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2033     57.69%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead          833     23.64%     81.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          658     18.67%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       880204     78.92%     78.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9177      0.82%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       189758     17.01%     96.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        36026      3.23%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1115248                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.412275                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3524                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003160                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4552687                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1429321                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1085360                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1118772                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          944                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        44534                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1080                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        36639                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         54448                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles          989                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1199991                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           61                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       209462                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        36408                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           83                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          433                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           21                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9947                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7518                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        17465                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1099023                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       186447                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16225                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             222464                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         166186                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            36017                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.406277                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1085723                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1085360                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          655991                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1461745                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.401226                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.448773                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts       855102                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps       968402                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       231649                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        16236                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2280941                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.424562                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288844                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1917707     84.08%     84.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       144486      6.33%     90.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91340      4.00%     94.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28588      1.25%     95.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47014      2.06%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9686      0.42%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6238      0.27%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5498      0.24%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30384      1.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2280941                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts       855102                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps       968402                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               200256                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              164928                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           148405                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts          847496                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        12561                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        30384                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3450608                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2436763                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 44414                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                387528                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts            855102                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps              968402                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total       855102                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     3.163492                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               3.163492                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.316106                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.316106                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        5093663                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1423733                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1269423                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         189076                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167643                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16454                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       122203                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         117390                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11655                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          560                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1959200                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1071809                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            189076                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       129045                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              237718                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         53451                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        72856                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          119833                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16049                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2306683                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.525150                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.776775                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2068965     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          35050      1.52%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          18716      0.81%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          34228      1.48%     93.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          11788      0.51%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          31674      1.37%     95.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           5218      0.23%     95.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7           8994      0.39%     96.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8          92050      3.99%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2306683                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.069896                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.396216                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        1933089                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        99650                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          237101                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          278                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        36564                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        18945                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          346                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1207307                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1362                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        36564                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        1936347                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         62382                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        27620                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          233938                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         9831                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1204742                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         1015                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         7923                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1589927                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      5470320                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      5470320                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1266416                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         323511                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           21019                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       209172                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        36272                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads          321                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores         8217                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1196774                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1112349                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1084                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       228846                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       482555                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2306683                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482229                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.101266                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1820176     78.91%     78.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       156864      6.80%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       158179      6.86%     92.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92645      4.02%     96.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        49764      2.16%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13135      0.57%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15270      0.66%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          359      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          291      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2306683                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2025     57.59%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead          833     23.69%     81.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          658     18.71%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       877740     78.91%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9129      0.82%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       189507     17.04%     96.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        35890      3.23%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1112349                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.411202                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3516                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003161                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4535981                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1425793                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1082542                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1115865                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          944                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        44477                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1080                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        36564                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         49686                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles          984                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1196939                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           59                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       209172                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        36272                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           83                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          431                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           21                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9928                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7490                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        17418                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1096194                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       186203                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16155                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             222084                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         165775                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            35881                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.405230                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1082907                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1082542                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          654323                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1456919                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.400184                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.449114                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       853015                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps       965826                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       231173                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        16192                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2270119                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.425452                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.290234                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1907958     84.05%     84.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       144004      6.34%     90.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91076      4.01%     94.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28488      1.25%     95.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46925      2.07%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9647      0.42%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6211      0.27%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5475      0.24%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30335      1.34%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2270119                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       853015                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps       965826                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               199887                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              164695                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           148025                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts          845192                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        12511                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        30335                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3436783                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2430584                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 44359                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                398430                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            853015                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps              965826                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       853015                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     3.171237                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               3.171237                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.315334                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.315334                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        5080930                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1419741                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1266627                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         210426                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172315                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22399                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        85305                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80638                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21254                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1026                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2019361                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1178176                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            210426                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       101892                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              244661                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         62082                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       108359                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles          629                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          125222                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22247                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2412425                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600024                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940058                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2167764     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          11397      0.47%     90.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          17707      0.73%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          23757      0.98%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          25151      1.04%     93.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          21182      0.88%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          11430      0.47%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          17958      0.74%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         116079      4.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2412425                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077788                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.435537                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1999466                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       129333                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          244051                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          379                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        39194                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        34326                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1444224                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1250                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        39194                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        2005335                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         13790                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       102635                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          238575                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        12892                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1442851                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         1701                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         5671                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      2013975                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6708488                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6708488                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1713207                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         300768                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          350                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          180                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           40580                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       136045                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        72290                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads          832                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        28056                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1439949                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          351                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1357071                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          309                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       178248                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       432945                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2412425                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.562534                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.251614                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1830902     75.89%     75.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       245035     10.16%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122777      5.09%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86857      3.60%     94.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69371      2.88%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28457      1.18%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18329      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9408      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1289      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2412425                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           313     12.83%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead          897     36.78%     49.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1229     50.39%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1141868     84.14%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20210      1.49%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          168      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       122894      9.06%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71931      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1357071                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.501669                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2439                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001797                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5129315                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1618564                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1334575                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1359510                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2684                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24730                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           17                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1478                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        39194                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         10769                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1172                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1440304                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           12                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       136045                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72290                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          181                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          994                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           17                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12308                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13141                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        25449                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1336782                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       115555                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20289                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             187467                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         189349                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            71912                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.494169                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1334669                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1334575                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          767469                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         2068448                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.493353                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.371036                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts       998839                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1228993                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       211324                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          341                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        22456                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2373231                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517856                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351314                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1861780     78.45%     78.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       256995     10.83%     89.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93870      3.96%     93.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44799      1.89%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42020      1.77%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22185      0.93%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16610      0.70%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8580      0.36%     98.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26392      1.11%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2373231                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts       998839                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1228993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               182127                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              111315                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           177195                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1107306                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        25300                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        26392                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3787143                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2919835                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 32521                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                292688                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts            998839                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1228993                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total       998839                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.708257                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.708257                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.369241                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.369241                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        6014157                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1860744                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1337807                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         192625                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173441                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11880                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76763                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          66980                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10427                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          517                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2025927                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1210506                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            192625                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches        77407                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              238551                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         37429                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       208516                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          117884                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11776                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2498280                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.569042                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.883468                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2259729     90.45%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1           8214      0.33%     90.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          17682      0.71%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3           7008      0.28%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          38959      1.56%     93.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          34927      1.40%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6           6631      0.27%     94.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          14272      0.57%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         110858      4.44%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2498280                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.071208                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.447488                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2004863                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       229972                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          237589                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          742                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        25108                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        17082                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          178                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1418801                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        25108                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2008142                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        202464                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        17391                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          235237                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         9932                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1417068                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         4800                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         3449                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents            4                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1671940                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      6669298                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      6669298                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1449020                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         222908                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          168                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts           88                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           24856                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       330975                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       166385                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1561                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores         8151                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1412428                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          168                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1347750                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          961                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       127810                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       310853                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2498280                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.539471                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.331419                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2014867     80.65%     80.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       147166      5.89%     86.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119708      4.79%     91.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        51276      2.05%     93.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64676      2.59%     95.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        61177      2.45%     98.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        34841      1.39%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2847      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1722      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2498280                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3400     11.37%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        25728     86.07%     97.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          765      2.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       849445     63.03%     63.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11754      0.87%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       320652     23.79%     87.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       165819     12.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1347750                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.498223                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29893                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022180                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5224634                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1540458                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1334685                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1377643                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2389                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15641                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           52                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1505                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          117                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        25108                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        195407                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2483                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1412596                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           16                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       330975                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       166385                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           88                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1535                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           52                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6186                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7434                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        13620                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1337054                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       319493                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10696                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             485280                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         174934                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           165787                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.494269                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1334799                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1334685                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          722350                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1430642                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.493393                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.504913                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1075343                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1263687                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       149022                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          160                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        11929                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2473172                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.510958                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.330041                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2012885     81.39%     81.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       169408      6.85%     88.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        79072      3.20%     91.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        77664      3.14%     94.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21168      0.86%     95.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        88853      3.59%     99.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6904      0.28%     99.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4962      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12256      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2473172                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1075343                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1263687                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               480207                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              315327                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars                80                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           166889                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1123736                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        12254                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        12256                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3873625                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2850550                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 44916                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                206833                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1075343                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1263687                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1075343                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.515582                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.515582                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.397522                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.397522                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        6602671                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1555354                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1681321                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         193536                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       174329                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11705                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        73988                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          67188                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10383                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          512                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2030215                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1216196                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            193536                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches        77571                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              239626                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         37264                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       211153                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          117950                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11573                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2506295                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.570078                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.885140                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2266669     90.44%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1           8236      0.33%     90.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          17561      0.70%     91.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3           6990      0.28%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          39321      1.57%     93.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          35164      1.40%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6           6602      0.26%     94.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          14277      0.57%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         111475      4.45%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2506295                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.071545                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.449592                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        2010318                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       231492                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          238584                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          772                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        25123                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        17107                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          178                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1425681                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1093                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        25123                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        2013565                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        198034                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        23455                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          236265                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles         9847                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1423608                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         4752                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         3372                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents           43                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1678013                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      6700651                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      6700651                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1453430                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         224577                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts           86                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           24702                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       333270                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       167396                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1587                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores         8181                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1418460                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          166                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1352300                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1000                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       129507                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       318639                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2506295                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.539561                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.331970                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2021427     80.65%     80.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       147685      5.89%     86.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       120092      4.79%     91.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        51063      2.04%     93.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64849      2.59%     95.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        61526      2.45%     98.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35074      1.40%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2860      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1719      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2506295                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3360     11.16%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        25988     86.29%     97.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          768      2.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       851114     62.94%     62.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11792      0.87%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       322545     23.85%     87.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       166769     12.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1352300                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.499905                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30116                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022270                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5242011                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1548181                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1339257                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1382416                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2404                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16023                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           48                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1556                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          118                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        25123                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        191270                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2337                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1418626                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           17                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       333270                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       167396                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           86                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1442                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           48                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6042                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7397                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        13439                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1341729                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       321419                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10571                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             488149                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         175508                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           166730                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.495997                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1339361                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1339257                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          724581                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1434069                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.495084                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.505262                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1079558                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1268478                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       150285                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          160                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        11752                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2481172                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.511241                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.330034                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2018691     81.36%     81.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       170791      6.88%     88.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        79150      3.19%     91.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        77968      3.14%     94.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        20988      0.85%     95.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89433      3.60%     99.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6948      0.28%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4946      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12257      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2481172                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      1079558                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1268478                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               483079                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              317244                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars                80                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           167465                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1127951                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        12254                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        12257                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3887678                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2862669                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 45016                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                198818                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           1079558                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1268478                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      1079558                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.505760                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.505760                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.399081                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.399081                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        6627405                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1558994                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1689771                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         193262                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       174078                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11881                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76985                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          67206                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10430                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          517                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2034730                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1215174                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            193262                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches        77636                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              239401                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         37415                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       207425                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          118346                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11789                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2506827                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.569174                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.883577                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2267426     90.45%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1           8214      0.33%     90.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          17684      0.71%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3           7011      0.28%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          39183      1.56%     93.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          35154      1.40%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6           6630      0.26%     94.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          14275      0.57%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         111250      4.44%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2506827                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.071443                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.449214                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        2013754                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       228783                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          238444                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          747                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        25093                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        17082                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          178                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1424073                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1101                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        25093                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        2017027                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        199975                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        19159                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          236169                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         9398                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1422455                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         4327                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         3390                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents            4                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1676779                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      6695162                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      6695162                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1454189                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         222584                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          168                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts           88                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           24299                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       333196                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       167512                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1561                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores         8151                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1417911                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          168                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1353365                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          943                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       127660                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       310197                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2506827                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.539872                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.331938                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2021784     80.65%     80.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       147140      5.87%     86.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       120419      4.80%     91.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        51375      2.05%     93.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        65075      2.60%     95.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        61506      2.45%     98.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        34974      1.40%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2844      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1710      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2506827                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3383     11.26%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        25896     86.21%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          761      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       851715     62.93%     62.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11754      0.87%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       322874     23.86%     87.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       166942     12.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1353365                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.500299                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30040                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022197                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5244540                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1545791                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1340307                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1383405                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2389                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15619                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           52                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1507                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          117                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        25093                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        193394                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2598                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1418079                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           16                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       333196                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       167512                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           88                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1603                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           52                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6186                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7436                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        13622                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1342678                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       321738                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10687                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             488648                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         175613                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           166910                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.496348                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1340427                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1340307                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          725087                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1434207                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.495472                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.505566                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1080284                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1269303                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       148892                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          160                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        11930                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2481734                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.511458                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.330085                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2019502     81.37%     81.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       169847      6.84%     88.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        79438      3.20%     91.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        78104      3.15%     94.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21292      0.86%     95.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89506      3.61%     99.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6904      0.28%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4982      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12159      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2481734                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      1080284                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1269303                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               483574                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              317574                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars                80                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           167564                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1128677                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        12254                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        12159                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3887770                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2861504                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 45057                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                198286                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           1080284                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1269303                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      1080284                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.504076                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.504076                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.399349                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.399349                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        6633027                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1560553                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1689365                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                          144                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2046.649811                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         119300                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        54.425182                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.649811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    21.748340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data    60.100664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1936.150996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.010619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.029346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.945386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                   283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks             98                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                  98                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                    286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          284                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                   286                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                 144                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                  144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                 144                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     63609332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    109548567                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     173157899                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     63609332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    109548567                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      173157899                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     63609332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    109548567                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     173157899                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total               427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           98                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total              98                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total                430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total               430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293970                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.337237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.291771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.291771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2355901.185185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 936312.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1202485.409722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2355901.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 936312.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1202485.409722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2355901.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 936312.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1202485.409722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                 71                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                      71                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total             144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total            144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     61238230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     99275967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    160514197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     61238230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     99275967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    160514197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     61238230                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     99275967                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    160514197                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293970                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.291771                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334884                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.291771                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334884                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2268082.592593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848512.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1114681.923611                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2268082.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848512.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1114681.923611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2268082.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848512.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1114681.923611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          560                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2044.629900                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                          87167                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         2606                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        33.448580                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks         133.385865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    15.900788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   237.622028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst                  1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1656.721219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.065130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.007764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.116026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.inst          0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.808946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.998354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                   312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            374                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 374                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                    314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          313                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                   314                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          495                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 520                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           40                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                40                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          535                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          535                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 560                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     60785158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    540477196                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     601262354                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     45071757                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     45071757                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     60785158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    585548953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      646334111                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     60785158                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    585548953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     646334111                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total               832                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          374                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             374                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           42                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              42                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total                874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total               874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.614144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.625000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.630896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.640732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.630896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.640732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2431406.320000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1091873.123232                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1156273.757692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1126793.925000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1126793.925000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2431406.320000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1094484.024299                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1154168.055357                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2431406.320000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1094484.024299                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1154168.055357                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                321                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     321                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           40                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          535                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            560                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     58590158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    497011706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    555601864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     41558647                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41558647                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     58590158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    538570353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    597160511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     58590158                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    538570353                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    597160511                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.614144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.625000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.630896                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.640732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.630896                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.640732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2343606.320000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1004064.052525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1068465.123077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1038966.175000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1038966.175000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2343606.320000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1006673.557009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1066358.055357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2343606.320000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1006673.557009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1066358.055357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          270                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         114051                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         2318                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        49.202330                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks                  6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.292521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   117.805634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1910.901845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.006490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.057522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.933058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                   474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            143                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 143                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                    474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          474                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                   474                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          256                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 270                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13460862                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    245183120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     258643982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13460862                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    245183120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      258643982                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13460862                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    245183120                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     258643982                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total               744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          143                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             143                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total                744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total               744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.350685                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.362903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.350685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.362903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.350685                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.362903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 961490.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 957746.562500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 957940.674074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 961490.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 957746.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 957940.674074                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 961490.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 957746.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 957940.674074                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                 50                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                      50                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            270                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     12231662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    222706320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    234937982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     12231662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    222706320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    234937982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     12231662                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    222706320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    234937982                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.350685                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.350685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.350685                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 873690.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 869946.562500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 870140.674074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 873690.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 869946.562500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 870140.674074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 873690.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 869946.562500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 870140.674074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          269                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         114048                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         2317                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        49.222270                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks                  6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.328763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   116.037695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1912.633542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.006508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.056659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.933903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                   471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            143                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 143                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                    471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          471                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                   471                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          255                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          255                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 269                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     11887784                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    251362453                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     263250237                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     11887784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    251362453                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      263250237                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     11887784                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    251362453                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     263250237                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total               740                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          143                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             143                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total                740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total               740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.351240                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.363514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.351240                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.363514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.351240                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.363514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 849127.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 985735.109804                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 978625.416357                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 849127.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 985735.109804                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 978625.416357                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 849127.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 985735.109804                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 978625.416357                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                 50                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                      50                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          255                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            269                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10658584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    228970325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    239628909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10658584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    228970325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    239628909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10658584                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    228970325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    239628909                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.351240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363514                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.351240                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363514                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.351240                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363514                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 761327.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 897922.843137                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 890813.788104                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 761327.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 897922.843137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 890813.788104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 761327.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 897922.843137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 890813.788104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          144                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2046.646378                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         119298                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         2192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        54.424270                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.646378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    21.750387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    60.110718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1936.138895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.010620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.029351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.945380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                   282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks             97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                  97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                    285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          283                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                   285                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          117                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 144                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          117                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 144                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     68895842                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    112200903                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     181096745                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     68895842                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    112200903                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      181096745                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     68895842                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    112200903                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     181096745                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total               426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total              97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total                429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total               429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.294710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.338028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.292500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.335664                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.292500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.335664                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2551697.851852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 958982.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1257616.284722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2551697.851852                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 958982.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1257616.284722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2551697.851852                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 958982.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1257616.284722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                 71                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                      71                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     66524331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    101926503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    168450834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     66524331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    101926503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    168450834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     66524331                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    101926503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    168450834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.294710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.292500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.292500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2463864.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 871166.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1169797.458333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2463864.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 871166.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1169797.458333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2463864.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 871166.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1169797.458333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          111                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.567170                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         132699                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         2156                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        61.548701                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.567170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    11.888020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data    43.462089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1949.649890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.005805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.021222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.951977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                   310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            101                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 101                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                    313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          311                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                   313                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           86                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 111                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data           86                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data           86                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 111                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    100103210                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     73256730                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     173359940                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    100103210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     73256730                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      173359940                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    100103210                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     73256730                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     173359940                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total               421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total                424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total               424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.925926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.218274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.263658                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.925926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.216625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.261792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.925926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.216625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.261792                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 4004128.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 851822.441860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1561801.261261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 4004128.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 851822.441860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1561801.261261                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 4004128.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 851822.441860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1561801.261261                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                 52                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                      52                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           86                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           86                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           86                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     97908210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     65705930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    163614140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     97908210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     65705930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    163614140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     97908210                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     65705930                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    163614140                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.218274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.216625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.261792                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.216625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.261792                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3916328.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 764022.441860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1474001.261261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3916328.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 764022.441860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1474001.261261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3916328.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 764022.441860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1474001.261261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          206                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                          52197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         2254                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        23.157498                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.433359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.745485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data    97.446997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1903.374160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.006712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.047582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.929382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                   299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks             60                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                  60                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                    299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          299                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                   299                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          191                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 206                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12787425                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    150718934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     163506359                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12787425                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    150718934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      163506359                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12787425                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    150718934                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     163506359                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total               505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           60                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total              60                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total                505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total               505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.389796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.407921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.389796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.407921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.389796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.407921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       852495                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 789104.366492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 793720.189320                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       852495                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 789104.366492                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 793720.189320                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       852495                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 789104.366492                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 793720.189320                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                 24                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                      24                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11469426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    133943110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    145412536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11469426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    133943110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    145412536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11469426                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    133943110                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    145412536                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.389796                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.407921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.389796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.407921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.389796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.407921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 764628.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 701272.827225                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 705886.097087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 764628.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 701272.827225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 705886.097087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 764628.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 701272.827225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 705886.097087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          206                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                          52197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2254                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        23.157498                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.434524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.741896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    97.078509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1903.745071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.006710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.047402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.929563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                   299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks             60                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                  60                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                    299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          299                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                   299                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          191                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 206                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10646768                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    152894100                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     163540868                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10646768                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    152894100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      163540868                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10646768                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    152894100                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     163540868                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total               505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           60                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total              60                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total                505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total               505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.389796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.407921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.389796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.407921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.389796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.407921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 709784.533333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 800492.670157                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 793887.708738                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 709784.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 800492.670157                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 793887.708738                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 709784.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 800492.670157                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 793887.708738                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                 24                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                      24                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9329768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    136120940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    145450708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9329768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    136120940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    145450708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9329768                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    136120940                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    145450708                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.389796                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.407921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.389796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.407921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.389796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.407921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 621984.533333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 712675.078534                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 706071.398058                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 621984.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 712675.078534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 706071.398058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 621984.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 712675.078534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 706071.398058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          206                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                          52197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         2254                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        23.157498                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.432298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.746025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    97.677343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1903.144334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.006712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.047694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.929270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                   299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks             60                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                  60                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                    299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          299                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                   299                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          191                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 206                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     14621706                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    148172229                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     162793935                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     14621706                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    148172229                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      162793935                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     14621706                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    148172229                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     162793935                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total               505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           60                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total              60                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total                505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total               505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.389796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.407921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.389796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.407921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.389796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.407921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 974780.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 775770.832461                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 790261.820388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 974780.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 775770.832461                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 790261.820388                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 974780.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 775770.832461                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 790261.820388                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                 24                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                      24                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     13304706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    131399795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    144704501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     13304706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    131399795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    144704501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     13304706                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    131399795                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    144704501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.389796                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.407921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.389796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.407921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.389796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.407921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 886980.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 687957.041885                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 702449.033981                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 886980.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 687957.041885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 702449.033981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 886980.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 687957.041885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 702449.033981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          167                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.694912                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         135998                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2215                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        61.398646                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          94.996081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    13.721947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data    63.337344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1875.639539                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.046385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.006700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.030926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.915840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                   325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            186                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 186                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                    325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          325                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                   325                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          150                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 164                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9610030                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    133277909                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     142887939                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9610030                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    133277909                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      142887939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9610030                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    133277909                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     142887939                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total               489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          186                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             186                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total                489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total               489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.315789                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.335378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.315789                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.335378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.315789                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.335378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 686430.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 888519.393333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 871267.920732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 686430.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 888519.393333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 871267.920732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 686430.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 888519.393333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 871267.920732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                 96                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                      96                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8372580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    120044860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    128417440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8372580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    120044860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    128417440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8372580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    120044860                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    128417440                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.315789                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.315789                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.315789                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 598041.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 800299.066667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 783033.170732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 598041.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 800299.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 783033.170732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 598041.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 800299.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 783033.170732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          206                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                          52196                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         2254                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        23.157054                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.433491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    13.743856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    97.307254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1903.515399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.006711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.047513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.929451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                   298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks             60                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                  60                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                    298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          298                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                   298                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          191                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 206                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     11128012                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    149303835                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     160431847                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     11128012                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    149303835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      160431847                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     11128012                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    149303835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     160431847                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total               504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           60                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total              60                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total                504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total               504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.390593                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.408730                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.390593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.408730                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.390593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.408730                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 741867.466667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 781695.471204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 778795.373786                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 741867.466667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 781695.471204                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 778795.373786                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 741867.466667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 781695.471204                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 778795.373786                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                 24                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                      24                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9811012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    132534035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    142345047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9811012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    132534035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    142345047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9811012                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    132534035                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    142345047                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.390593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.408730                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.390593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.408730                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.390593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.408730                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 654067.466667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 693895.471204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 690995.373786                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 654067.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 693895.471204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 690995.373786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 654067.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 693895.471204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 690995.373786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          206                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                          52196                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         2254                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        23.157054                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.432414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.737616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    97.281742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1903.548228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.006708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.047501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.929467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                   298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks             60                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                  60                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                    298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          298                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                   298                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          191                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 206                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     14508387                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    150052058                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     164560445                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     14508387                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    150052058                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      164560445                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     14508387                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    150052058                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     164560445                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total               504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           60                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total              60                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total                504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total               504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.390593                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.408730                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.390593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.408730                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.390593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.408730                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 967225.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 785612.869110                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 798837.111650                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 967225.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 785612.869110                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 798837.111650                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 967225.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 785612.869110                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 798837.111650                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                 24                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                      24                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     13191303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    133277571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    146468874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     13191303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    133277571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    146468874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     13191303                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    133277571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    146468874                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.390593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.408730                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.390593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.408730                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.390593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.408730                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 879420.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 697788.329843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 711013.951456                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 879420.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 697788.329843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 711013.951456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 879420.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 697788.329843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 711013.951456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          142                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2046.636358                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         119297                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         2190                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        54.473516                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.636358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    21.871184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data    58.975767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1937.153049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.010679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.028797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.945876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                   281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks             97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                  97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                    284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          283                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                   284                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          115                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 142                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     53203887                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     94304509                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     147508396                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     53203887                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     94304509                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      147508396                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     53203887                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     94304509                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     147508396                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total               423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total              97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total                426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total               426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.291139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.335697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.288945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.288945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1970514.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 820039.208696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1038791.521127                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1970514.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 820039.208696                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1038791.521127                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1970514.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 820039.208696                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1038791.521127                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                 69                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                      69                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            142                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     50833287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     84206436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    135039723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     50833287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     84206436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    135039723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     50833287                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     84206436                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    135039723                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.291139                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.288945                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.288945                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1882714.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 732229.878261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 950983.964789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1882714.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 732229.878261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 950983.964789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1882714.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 732229.878261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 950983.964789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          270                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         114051                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         2318                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        49.202330                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks                  6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    13.284768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   117.143145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1911.572086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.006487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.057199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.933385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                   474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            143                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 143                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                    474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          474                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                   474                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          256                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 270                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     12984490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    243399259                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     256383749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     12984490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    243399259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      256383749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     12984490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    243399259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     256383749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total               744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          143                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             143                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total                744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total               744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.350685                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.362903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.350685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.362903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.350685                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.362903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 927463.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 950778.355469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 949569.440741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 927463.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 950778.355469                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 949569.440741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 927463.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 950778.355469                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 949569.440741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                 50                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                      50                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            270                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     11754850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    220918911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    232673761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     11754850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    220918911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    232673761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     11754850                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    220918911                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    232673761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.350685                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.350685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.350685                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 839632.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 862964.496094                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 861754.670370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 839632.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 862964.496094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 861754.670370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 839632.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 862964.496094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 861754.670370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                          270                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         114051                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         2318                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        49.202330                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks                  6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    13.289734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   117.672393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1911.037873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.006489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.057457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.933124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                   474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            143                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 143                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                    474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          474                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                   474                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                 270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                  270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          256                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                 270                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     15109917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    241497246                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     256607163                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     15109917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    241497246                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      256607163                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     15109917                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    241497246                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     256607163                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total               744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          143                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             143                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total                744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total               744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.350685                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.362903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.350685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.362903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.350685                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.362903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1079279.785714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 943348.617188                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 950396.900000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1079279.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 943348.617188                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 950396.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1079279.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 943348.617188                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 950396.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                 50                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                      50                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total             270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total            270                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     13880717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    219017200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    232897917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     13880717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    219017200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    232897917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     13880717                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    219017200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    232897917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.350685                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.350685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.350685                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 991479.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 855535.937500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 862584.877778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 991479.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 855535.937500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 862584.877778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 991479.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 855535.937500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 862584.877778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          270                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         114051                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         2318                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        49.202330                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks                  6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    13.318288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   117.790502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1910.891210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.006503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.057515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.933052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                   474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            143                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 143                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                    474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          474                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                   474                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          256                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 270                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     13388872                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    243307782                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     256696654                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     13388872                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    243307782                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      256696654                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     13388872                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    243307782                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     256696654                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total               744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          143                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             143                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total                744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total               744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.350685                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.362903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.350685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.362903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.350685                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.362903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       956348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 950421.023438                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 950728.348148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       956348                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 950421.023438                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 950728.348148                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       956348                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 950421.023438                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 950728.348148                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                 50                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                      50                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            270                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     12159672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    220828390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    232988062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     12159672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    220828390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    232988062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     12159672                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    220828390                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    232988062                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.350685                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.350685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.350685                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       868548                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 862610.898438                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 862918.748148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       868548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 862610.898438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 862918.748148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       868548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 862610.898438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 862918.748148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              498.003512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750132392                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1488357.920635                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    23.003512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.036865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.798083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         124428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124428                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        124428                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72490220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     72490220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72490220                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     72490220                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72490220                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     72490220                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       124473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       124473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1610893.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1610893.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1610893.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1610893.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1610893.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1610893.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       276906                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       276906                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     63972384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63972384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     63972384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63972384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     63972384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63972384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2205944.275862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2205944.275862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2205944.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2205944.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2205944.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2205944.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  401                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              113322459                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  657                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             172484.716895                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   143.557979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   112.442021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.560773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.439227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        84747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         84747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        70554                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70554                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       155301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         155301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       155301                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        155301                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1275                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         1275                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    416294737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    416294737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1262822                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1262822                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    417557559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    417557559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    417557559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    417557559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        86006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        86006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        70570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       156576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       156576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.014639                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014639                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 330655.073074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 330655.073074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 78926.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78926.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 327496.124706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 327496.124706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 327496.124706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 327496.124706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           98                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              98                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          874                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          874                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          401                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    128811180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    128811180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    129003480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    129003480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    129003480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    129003480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 323646.180905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323646.180905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 321704.438903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321704.438903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 321704.438903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321704.438903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              506.639173                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              753861275                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1460971.463178                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    16.639173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.026665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst        90138                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         90138                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst        90138                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total          90138                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst        90138                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total         90138                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     84393159                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     84393159                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     84393159                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     84393159                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     84393159                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     84393159                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst        90178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst        90178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total        90178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst        90178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total        90178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2109828.975000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2109828.975000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2109828.975000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2109828.975000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2109828.975000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2109828.975000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61068055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61068055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61068055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61068055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61068055                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61068055                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000288                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000288                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000288                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000288                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2348771.346154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2348771.346154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2348771.346154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2348771.346154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2348771.346154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2348771.346154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  848                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              125584145                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 1104                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             113753.754529                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   176.829871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    79.170129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.690742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.309258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        68090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         68090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        54252                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        54252                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       122342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         122342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       122342                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        122342                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          405                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          405                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         2426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2426                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         2426                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1324353995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1324353995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    418473229                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    418473229                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1742827224                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1742827224                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1742827224                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1742827224                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        70111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        70111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        54657                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        54657                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       124768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       124768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       124768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       124768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.028826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.007410                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007410                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.019444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.019444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 655296.385453                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 655296.385453                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1033267.232099                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1033267.232099                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 718395.393240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 718395.393240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 718395.393240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 718395.393240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          374                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             374                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          363                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          363                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1578                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1578                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           42                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    565705843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    565705843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     45531957                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45531957                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    611237800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    611237800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    611237800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    611237800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011496                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011496                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000768                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000768                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006797                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006797                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006797                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006797                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 701868.291563                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 701868.291563                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1084094.214286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1084094.214286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 720799.292453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 720799.292453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 720799.292453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 720799.292453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              556.291432                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              769302693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1381153.847397                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.291432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.021300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       117976                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        117976                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       117976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         117976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       117976                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        117976                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           28                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     22701297                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     22701297                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     22701297                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     22701297                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     22701297                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     22701297                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       118004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       118004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       118004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       118004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       118004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       118004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 810760.607143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 810760.607143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 810760.607143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 810760.607143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 810760.607143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 810760.607143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13577062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13577062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13577062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13577062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13577062                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13577062                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 969790.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 969790.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 969790.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 969790.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 969790.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 969790.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  730                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              289546877                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  986                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             293658.090264                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   101.035027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   154.964973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.394668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.605332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       302397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        302397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       165035                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       165035                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       467432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         467432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       467432                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        467432                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2633                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2633                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         2633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2633                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         2633                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1063138394                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1063138394                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1063138394                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1063138394                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1063138394                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1063138394                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       305030                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       305030                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       165035                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       165035                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       470065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       470065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       470065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       470065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 403774.551462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 403774.551462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 403774.551462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 403774.551462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 403774.551462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 403774.551462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          143                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             143                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1903                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1903                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    279836780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    279836780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    279836780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    279836780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    279836780                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    279836780                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 383338.054795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 383338.054795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 383338.054795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 383338.054795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 383338.054795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 383338.054795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              556.327673                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              769302063                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1381152.716338                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.327673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.021358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       117346                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        117346                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       117346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         117346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       117346                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        117346                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           22                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           22                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     18157800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18157800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     18157800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18157800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     18157800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18157800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       117368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       117368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       117368                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       117368                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       117368                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       117368                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000187                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000187                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000187                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000187                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000187                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000187                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 825354.545455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 825354.545455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 825354.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 825354.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 825354.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 825354.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     12003984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12003984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     12003984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12003984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     12003984                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12003984                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 857427.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857427.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 857427.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857427.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 857427.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857427.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  726                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              289543093                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  982                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             294850.400204                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   100.992801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   155.007199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.394503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.605497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       299853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        299853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       163795                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       163795                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       463648                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         463648                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       463648                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        463648                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         2615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2615                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         2615                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1086070538                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1086070538                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1086070538                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1086070538                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1086070538                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1086070538                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       302468                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       302468                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       163795                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       163795                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       466263                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       466263                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       466263                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       466263                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008646                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008646                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 415323.341491                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 415323.341491                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 415323.341491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 415323.341491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 415323.341491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 415323.341491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          143                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             143                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1889                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1889                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          726                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          726                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    285795321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    285795321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    285795321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    285795321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    285795321                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    285795321                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 393657.466942                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 393657.466942                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 393657.466942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 393657.466942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 393657.466942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 393657.466942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              498.006431                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              750132231                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1488357.601190                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    23.006431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.036869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.798087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       124267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       124267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         124267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       124267                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        124267                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75657004                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     75657004                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75657004                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     75657004                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75657004                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     75657004                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       124307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       124307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       124307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       124307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       124307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000322                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000322                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1891425.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1891425.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1891425.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1891425.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1891425.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1891425.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       276966                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       276966                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69258848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69258848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69258848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69258848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69258848                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69258848                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2388236.137931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2388236.137931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2388236.137931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2388236.137931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2388236.137931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2388236.137931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  400                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              113322206                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             172747.265244                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   143.607150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   112.392850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.560965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.439035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        84612                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         84612                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        70436                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70436                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       155048                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         155048                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       155048                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        155048                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1274                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         1274                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1274                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         1274                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    448625441                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    448625441                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1262454                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1262454                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    449887895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    449887895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    449887895                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    449887895                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        85870                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        85870                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        70452                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70452                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       156322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       156322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.014650                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014650                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 356617.997615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 356617.997615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 78903.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78903.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 353130.215856                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 353130.215856                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 353130.215856                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 353130.215856                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total              97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          874                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          874                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    131401466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    131401466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    131593766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    131593766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    131593766                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    131593766                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002559                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002559                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002559                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002559                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 330986.060453                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330986.060453                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 328984.415000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328984.415000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 328984.415000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328984.415000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              467.171959                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              753576972                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  482                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1563437.701245                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    12.171959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.019506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       127631                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127631                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       127631                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         127631                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       127631                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        127631                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    157708023                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    157708023                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    157708023                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    157708023                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    157708023                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    157708023                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       127671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       127671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       127671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       127671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       127671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3942700.575000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3942700.575000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3942700.575000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3942700.575000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3942700.575000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3942700.575000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      4141036                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 690172.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    100441300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    100441300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    100441300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    100441300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    100441300                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    100441300                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3720048.148148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3720048.148148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3720048.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3720048.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3720048.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3720048.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  397                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              109423588                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             167570.578867                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   142.299072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   113.700928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.555856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.444144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       100024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        100024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        73464                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73464                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       173488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         173488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       173488                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        173488                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1014                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1014                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         1026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1026                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         1026                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    223577776                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    223577776                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1055980                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1055980                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    224633756                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    224633756                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    224633756                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    224633756                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       101038                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       101038                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        73476                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73476                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       174514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       174514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000163                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000163                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 220490.903353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 220490.903353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 87998.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87998.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 218941.282651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 218941.282651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 218941.282651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 218941.282651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          629                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          629                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     93951900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93951900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       208367                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208367                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     94160267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     94160267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     94160267                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     94160267                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003900                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003900                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 238456.598985                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 238456.598985                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 69455.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69455.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 237179.513854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 237179.513854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 237179.513854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 237179.513854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              539.744316                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              647136830                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1196186.377079                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.744316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.022026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.864975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       119758                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119758                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       119758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         119758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       119758                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        119758                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           21                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     16071339                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16071339                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     16071339                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16071339                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     16071339                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16071339                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       119779                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119779                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       119779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       119779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       119779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       119779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000175                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000175                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 765301.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 765301.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 765301.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 765301.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 765301.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 765301.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12912430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12912430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12912430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12912430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12912430                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12912430                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 860828.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 860828.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 860828.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 860828.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 860828.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 860828.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  490                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              151380489                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  746                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             202922.907507                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   130.409650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   125.590350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.509413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.490587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       168765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        168765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        34936                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        34936                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       203701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         203701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       203701                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        203701                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1791                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1791                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         1791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1791                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         1791                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    828635679                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    828635679                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    828635679                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    828635679                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    828635679                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    828635679                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       170556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       170556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        34936                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        34936                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       205492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       205492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       205492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       205492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008716                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008716                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008716                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008716                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 462666.487437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 462666.487437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 462666.487437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 462666.487437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 462666.487437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 462666.487437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total              60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1301                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1301                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    171877303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    171877303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    171877303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    171877303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    171877303                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    171877303                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002385                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002385                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 350770.006122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 350770.006122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 350770.006122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 350770.006122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 350770.006122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 350770.006122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              539.740729                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              647136670                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1196186.081331                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.740729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.022020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.864969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       119598                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119598                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       119598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         119598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       119598                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        119598                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     12375085                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12375085                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     12375085                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12375085                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     12375085                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12375085                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       119616                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119616                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       119616                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       119616                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       119616                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       119616                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 687504.722222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 687504.722222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 687504.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 687504.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 687504.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 687504.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10771984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10771984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10771984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10771984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10771984                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10771984                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 718132.266667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718132.266667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 718132.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718132.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 718132.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718132.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  490                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              151380296                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  746                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             202922.648794                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   130.121340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   125.878660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.508286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.491714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       168658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        168658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        34850                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        34850                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       203508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         203508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       203508                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        203508                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1790                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1790                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1790                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         1790                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1790                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         1790                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    844807211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    844807211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    844807211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    844807211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    844807211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    844807211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       170448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       170448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        34850                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        34850                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       205298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       205298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       205298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       205298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.010502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008719                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008719                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 471959.335754                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 471959.335754                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 471959.335754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 471959.335754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 471959.335754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 471959.335754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total              60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1300                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1300                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    174048989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    174048989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    174048989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    174048989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    174048989                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    174048989                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002875                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002875                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002387                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002387                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002387                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002387                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 355202.018367                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 355202.018367                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 355202.018367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 355202.018367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 355202.018367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 355202.018367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              539.744857                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              647137201                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1196187.062847                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.744857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.022027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.864976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       120129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       120129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         120129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       120129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        120129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     16367004                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16367004                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     16367004                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16367004                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     16367004                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16367004                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       120147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       120147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       120147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       120147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       120147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       909278                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       909278                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       909278                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       909278                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       909278                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       909278                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     14746884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14746884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     14746884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14746884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     14746884                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14746884                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 983125.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 983125.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 983125.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 983125.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 983125.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 983125.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  490                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              151381013                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  746                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             202923.609920                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   130.400233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   125.599767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.509376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.490624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       169053                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        169053                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        35172                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35172                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       204225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         204225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       204225                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        204225                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1791                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1791                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         1791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1791                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         1791                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    822136653                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    822136653                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    822136653                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    822136653                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    822136653                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    822136653                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       170844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       170844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        35172                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35172                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       206016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       206016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       206016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       206016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.010483                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010483                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 459037.773869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 459037.773869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 459037.773869                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 459037.773869                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 459037.773869                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 459037.773869                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total              60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1301                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1301                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    169329025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    169329025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    169329025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    169329025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    169329025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    169329025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 345569.438776                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 345569.438776                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 345569.438776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 345569.438776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 345569.438776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 345569.438776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              495.720850                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              750704056                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1513516.241935                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    13.720850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.021989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       120326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       120326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         120326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       120326                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        120326                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     13199456                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13199456                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     13199456                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13199456                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     13199456                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13199456                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       120345                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120345                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       120345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       120345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       120345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       120345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 694708.210526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 694708.210526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 694708.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 694708.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 694708.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 694708.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9726943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9726943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9726943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9726943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9726943                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9726943                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 694781.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 694781.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 694781.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 694781.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 694781.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 694781.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  475                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              118284751                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  731                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             161812.244870                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   159.107219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    96.892781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.621513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.378487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        82996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         82996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        69372                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        69372                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          158                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          158                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       152368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         152368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       152368                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        152368                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1627                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1627                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         1694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1694                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         1694                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    643761121                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    643761121                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     57526667                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     57526667                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    701287788                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    701287788                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    701287788                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    701287788                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        84623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        69439                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        69439                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          158                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          158                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       154062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       154062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       154062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       154062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.019226                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019226                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000965                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000965                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 395673.706822                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 395673.706822                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 858606.970149                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 858606.970149                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 413983.345927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 413983.345927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 413983.345927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 413983.345927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       858724                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       858724                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          186                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             186                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1219                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1219                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    155752482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    155752482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    155752482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    155752482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    155752482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    155752482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003083                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003083                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003083                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003083                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 327899.962105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327899.962105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 327899.962105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327899.962105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 327899.962105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327899.962105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              539.742689                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              647137125                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1196186.922366                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    13.742689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.022024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.864972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       120053                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120053                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       120053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         120053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       120053                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        120053                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     12982959                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12982959                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     12982959                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12982959                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     12982959                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12982959                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       120072                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120072                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       120072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       120072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       120072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       120072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 683313.631579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 683313.631579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 683313.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 683313.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 683313.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 683313.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     11253136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11253136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     11253136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11253136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     11253136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11253136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 750209.066667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 750209.066667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 750209.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 750209.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 750209.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 750209.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  489                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              151381097                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  745                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             203196.103356                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   130.111698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   125.888302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.508249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.491751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       169146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        169146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        35163                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35163                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       204309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         204309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       204309                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        204309                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1804                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1804                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1804                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1804                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    823144878                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    823144878                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    823144878                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    823144878                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    823144878                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    823144878                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       170950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       170950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        35163                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35163                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       206113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       206113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       206113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       206113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010553                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010553                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008752                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008752                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008752                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008752                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 456288.735033                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 456288.735033                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 456288.735033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 456288.735033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 456288.735033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 456288.735033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1315                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1315                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    170391086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    170391086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    170391086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    170391086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    170391086                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    170391086                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002372                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002372                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002372                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002372                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 348448.028630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 348448.028630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 348448.028630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 348448.028630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 348448.028630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 348448.028630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              539.736449                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              647136887                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1196186.482440                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.736449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.022014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.864962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       119815                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119815                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       119815                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         119815                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       119815                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        119815                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     16399956                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16399956                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     16399956                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16399956                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     16399956                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16399956                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       119833                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119833                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       119833                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       119833                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       119833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       119833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 911108.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 911108.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 911108.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 911108.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 911108.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 911108.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     14633378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14633378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     14633378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14633378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     14633378                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14633378                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 975558.533333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 975558.533333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 975558.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 975558.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 975558.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 975558.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  489                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              151380786                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  745                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             203195.685906                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   130.125158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   125.874842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.508301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.491699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       168971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        168971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        35027                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35027                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       203998                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         203998                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       203998                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        203998                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1801                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1801                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1801                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1801                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1801                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1801                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    828236570                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    828236570                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    828236570                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    828236570                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    828236570                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    828236570                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       170772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       170772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        35027                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35027                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       205799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       205799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       205799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       205799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010546                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010546                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008751                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008751                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008751                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008751                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 459875.941144                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 459875.941144                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 459875.941144                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 459875.941144                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 459875.941144                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 459875.941144                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total              60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1312                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1312                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    171138183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    171138183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    171138183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    171138183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    171138183                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    171138183                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 349975.834356                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 349975.834356                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 349975.834356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 349975.834356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 349975.834356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 349975.834356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              497.499057                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              750133144                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1491318.377734                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    22.499057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.036056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.797274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       125180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       125180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         125180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       125180                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        125180                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     60658663                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     60658663                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     60658663                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     60658663                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     60658663                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     60658663                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       125221                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125221                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       125221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       125221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       125221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       125221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1479479.585366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1479479.585366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1479479.585366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1479479.585366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1479479.585366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1479479.585366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       272390                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       272390                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     53496430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53496430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     53496430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53496430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     53496430                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53496430                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1910586.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1910586.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1910586.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1910586.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1910586.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1910586.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  398                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              113322505                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  654                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             173276.001529                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   143.446908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   112.553092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.560339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.439661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        84877                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         84877                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        70470                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70470                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       155347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         155347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       155347                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        155347                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1262                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1262                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         1278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1278                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         1278                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    395316946                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    395316946                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1241250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1241250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    396558196                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    396558196                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    396558196                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    396558196                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        86139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        86139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        70486                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70486                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       156625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       156625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.014651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 313246.391442                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 313246.391442                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 77578.125000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77578.125000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 310295.928013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 310295.928013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 310295.928013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 310295.928013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total              97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          880                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          880                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    113488708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    113488708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    113681008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    113681008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    113681008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    113681008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 287313.184810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287313.184810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 285630.673367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285630.673367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 285630.673367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285630.673367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              556.283678                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              769302580                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1381153.644524                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    13.283678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.021288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       117863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        117863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       117863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         117863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       117863                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        117863                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           21                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     18109613                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18109613                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     18109613                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18109613                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     18109613                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18109613                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       117884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       117884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       117884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       117884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       117884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       117884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000178                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000178                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000178                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000178                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000178                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000178                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 862362.523810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 862362.523810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 862362.523810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 862362.523810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 862362.523810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 862362.523810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     13100690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13100690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     13100690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13100690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     13100690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13100690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 935763.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 935763.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 935763.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 935763.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 935763.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 935763.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  730                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              289545827                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  986                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             293657.025355                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   100.887546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   155.112454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.394092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.605908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       301662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        301662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       164720                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       164720                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       466382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         466382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       466382                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        466382                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         2630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2630                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         2630                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1068543780                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1068543780                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1068543780                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1068543780                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1068543780                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1068543780                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       304292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       304292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       164720                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       164720                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       469012                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       469012                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       469012                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       469012                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 406290.410646                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 406290.410646                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 406290.410646                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 406290.410646                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 406290.410646                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 406290.410646                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          143                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             143                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1900                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1900                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    278073397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    278073397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    278073397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    278073397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    278073397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    278073397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 380922.461644                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 380922.461644                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 380922.461644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 380922.461644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 380922.461644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 380922.461644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              556.288644                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              769302647                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1381153.764811                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    13.288644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.021296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       117930                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        117930                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       117930                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         117930                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       117930                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        117930                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     19741754                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     19741754                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     19741754                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     19741754                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     19741754                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     19741754                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       117950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       117950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       117950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       117950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       117950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       117950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000170                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000170                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 987087.700000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 987087.700000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 987087.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 987087.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 987087.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 987087.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     15226117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15226117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     15226117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15226117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     15226117                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15226117                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1087579.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1087579.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1087579.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1087579.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1087579.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1087579.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  730                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              289548724                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  986                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             293659.963489                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   100.648951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   155.351049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.393160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.606840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       303604                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        303604                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       165675                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       165675                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       469279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         469279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       469279                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        469279                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2602                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2602                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2602                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         2602                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2602                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         2602                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1039359345                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1039359345                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1039359345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1039359345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1039359345                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1039359345                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       306206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       306206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       165675                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       165675                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       471881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       471881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       471881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       471881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008498                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008498                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 399446.327825                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 399446.327825                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 399446.327825                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 399446.327825                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 399446.327825                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 399446.327825                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          143                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             143                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1872                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1872                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    276130201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    276130201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    276130201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    276130201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    276130201                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    276130201                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 378260.549315                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 378260.549315                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 378260.549315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 378260.549315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 378260.549315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 378260.549315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              556.317199                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              769303035                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1381154.461400                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    13.317199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.021342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       118318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        118318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       118318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         118318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       118318                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        118318                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           28                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     23219531                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     23219531                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     23219531                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     23219531                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     23219531                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     23219531                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       118346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       118346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       118346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       118346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       118346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       118346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 829268.964286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 829268.964286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 829268.964286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 829268.964286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 829268.964286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 829268.964286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     13505072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13505072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     13505072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13505072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     13505072                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13505072                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       964648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       964648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       964648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       964648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       964648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       964648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  730                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              289549189                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  986                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             293660.435091                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   100.958302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   155.041698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.394368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.605632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       303904                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        303904                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       165840                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       165840                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       469744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         469744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       469744                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        469744                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         2637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2637                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         2637                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1048222081                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1048222081                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1048222081                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1048222081                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1048222081                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1048222081                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       306541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       306541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       165840                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       165840                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       472381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       472381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       472381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       472381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 397505.529389                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 397505.529389                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 397505.529389                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 397505.529389                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 397505.529389                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 397505.529389                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          143                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             143                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1907                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1907                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    277989693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    277989693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    277989693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    277989693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    277989693                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    277989693                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 380807.798630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 380807.798630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 380807.798630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 380807.798630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 380807.798630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 380807.798630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
