
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.010458                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10458251580                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               538233628125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 417162                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   524009                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 267987                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67599852                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 39025.19                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 16279817728                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20449553982                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       170624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       138624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       403200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       246144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       173312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       170368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       145280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       240000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       248960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       242560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       404864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       166784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       136576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       405120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       135168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       347904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              3849728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           74240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1465088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1465088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         1333                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         1083                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         3150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1923                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1354                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1331                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         1135                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         1875                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         1945                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         1895                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         3163                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         1303                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         1067                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         3165                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         1056                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         2718                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 30076                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           11446                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                11446                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       465087                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     16314773                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       428370                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     13254988                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       452848                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     38553289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       440609                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     23535865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       489566                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     16571795                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       465087                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     16290295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       440609                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     13891423                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       416131                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     22948387                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       416131                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     23805126                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       416131                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     23193169                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       452848                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     38712398                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       465087                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     15947599                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       428370                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     13059162                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       452848                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     38736877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       416131                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     12924531                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       452848                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     33265981                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               368104360                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       465087                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       428370                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       452848                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       440609                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       489566                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       465087                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       440609                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       416131                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       416131                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       416131                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       452848                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       465087                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       428370                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       452848                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       416131                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       452848                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            7098701                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         140089191                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              140089191                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         140089191                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       465087                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     16314773                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       428370                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     13254988                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       452848                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     38553289                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       440609                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     23535865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       489566                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     16571795                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       465087                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     16290295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       440609                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     13891423                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       416131                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     22948387                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       416131                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     23805126                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       416131                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     23193169                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       452848                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     38712398                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       465087                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     15947599                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       428370                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     13059162                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       452848                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     38736877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       416131                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     12924531                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       452848                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     33265981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              508193550                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               25079741                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2068695                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1692379                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204403                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       870989                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         814505                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213784                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9280                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19941985                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11559413                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2068695                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1028289                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2414145                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        556332                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       450552                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1221760                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204536                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     23155982                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613236                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.955333                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       20741837     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         112517      0.49%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         178894      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         242616      1.05%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         248936      1.08%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         210706      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         117683      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         175780      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1127013      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     23155982                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.082485                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.460906                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19740493                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       654042                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2409685                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         2718                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       349039                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       340533                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          262                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14187073                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1528                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       349039                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       19794262                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        134929                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       396102                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2359390                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       122255                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14181863                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        16483                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        53401                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     19790486                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     65967210                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     65967210                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17153383                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        2637088                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3452                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1764                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          368384                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1330106                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       718977                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8436                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       212498                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14164023                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3462                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13455161                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1970                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1562090                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3732072                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           64                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23155982                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581066                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269956                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17428838     75.27%     75.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2381167     10.28%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1200549      5.18%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       881842      3.81%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       694382      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       283810      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179472      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        93416      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12506      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23155982                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2507     11.11%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8250     36.55%     47.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11812     52.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11316156     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       199966      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1687      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1220713      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       716639      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13455161                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.536495                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22569                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001677                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50090843                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15729636                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13249238                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13477730                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27024                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       215555                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           64                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9927                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       349039                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        107349                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12071                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14167503                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1677                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1330106                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       718977                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1765                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10212                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           64                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118652                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114548                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       233200                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13265897                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1147435                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       189264                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  18                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1864003                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1885630                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           716568                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.528949                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13249349                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13249238                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7605754                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        20493272                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.528284                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.371134                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12305296                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1862212                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3398                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       206730                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22806943                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539542                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.383320                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17732032     77.75%     77.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2527755     11.08%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       943028      4.13%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       450529      1.98%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       396564      1.74%     96.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       218481      0.96%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       180398      0.79%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86399      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       271757      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22806943                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12305296                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1823601                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1114551                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1696                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1774541                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11086908                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       253435                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       271757                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           36702629                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          28684072                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                304279                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               1923759                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12305296                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.507973                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.507973                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.398728                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.398728                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       59706480                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18457793                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13149202                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3394                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               25079741                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        2270584                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1890954                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       208697                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       894026                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         830457                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         244238                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9768                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19766464                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             12457552                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           2270584                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1074695                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2596506                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        580668                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       663562                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1229284                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       199417                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     23396623                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654306                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029263                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       20800117     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         158757      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         200723      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         320038      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         134339      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         172203      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         201022      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          91654      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1317770      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     23396623                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.090535                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.496718                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       19650924                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       790454                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2584176                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         1250                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       369812                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       344817                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          279                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     15224321                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1651                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       369812                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       19671093                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         63414                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       672045                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2565271                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        54982                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     15129997                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         7898                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        38339                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     21133856                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     70358307                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     70358307                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     17661123                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        3472733                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         3733                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1980                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          194536                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1417220                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       739531                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8341                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       167774                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         14769795                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3746                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        14163381                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        14459                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1807276                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3684427                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          213                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23396623                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605360                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326334                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17394304     74.35%     74.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2739669     11.71%     86.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1117261      4.78%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       627069      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       850287      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       261149      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       257940      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       138102      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10842      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23396623                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         97824     79.17%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13075     10.58%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12657     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11932260     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       193671      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1752      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1298814      9.17%     94.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       736884      5.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     14163381                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.564734                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            123556                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008724                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51861400                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16580892                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13792098                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     14286937                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10397                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       269296                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           78                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9950                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       369812                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         48652                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6321                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14773548                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11372                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1417220                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       739531                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1981                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5516                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           78                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       123691                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116568                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       240259                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13914858                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1276942                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       248523                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            2013720                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1967266                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           736778                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.554825                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             13792175                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            13792098                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         8263443                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        22199355                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.549930                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.372238                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10275105                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     12661382                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2112211                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3533                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       210246                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23026811                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549854                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369920                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17666145     76.72%     76.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2716956     11.80%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       987565      4.29%     92.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       490892      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       449030      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       188911      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       186851      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        88849      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       251612      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23026811                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     10275105                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     12661382                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1877505                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1147924                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1762                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1835177                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        11399445                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       261465                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       251612                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           37548727                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          29917009                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                302535                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               1683118                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          10275105                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            12661382                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     10275105                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.440826                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.440826                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.409697                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.409697                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       62611968                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      19274927                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      14080227                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3532                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               25079741                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        1955082                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1763784                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       105077                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       718931                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         695518                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         107378                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4559                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20706360                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             12300171                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           1955082                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       802896                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2429922                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        329619                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       475876                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1190936                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       105419                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     23834149                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605541                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934515                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       21404227     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          85895      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         177098      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          73727      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         402686      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         359395      1.51%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          69423      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         146557      0.61%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1115141      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     23834149                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.077955                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.490443                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       20588588                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       595221                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2420691                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         7900                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       221744                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       171803                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          248                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     14423307                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1495                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       221744                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       20610966                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        419760                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       106933                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2407702                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        67037                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     14414933                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        27707                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        24649                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents          377                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     16937212                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     67887200                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     67887200                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     14984351                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        1952861                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         1683                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          854                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          171462                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      3397468                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      1716683                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15669                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        83695                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         14384311                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1690                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        13818964                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7475                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1129905                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2717299                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23834149                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579797                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377575                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18928281     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1465992      6.15%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1206235      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       520752      2.18%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       662164      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       639821      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       364029      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        28689      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18186      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23834149                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34870     11.06%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       272656     86.45%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7872      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8674446     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       120709      0.87%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          827      0.01%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3310422     23.96%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1712560     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     13818964                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.551001                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            315398                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022824                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51794950                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15516261                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13698430                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     14134362                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25008                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       134955                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           56                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          356                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10833                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1224                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       221744                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        383791                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        17931                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14386017                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          184                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3397468                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1716683                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          856                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12007                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          356                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        59982                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62976                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       122958                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13720410                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3298833                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        98554                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  16                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            5011251                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1797046                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          1712418                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.547071                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             13698935                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            13698430                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         7400761                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        14589799                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.546195                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.507256                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11120409                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     13067980                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1319342                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1671                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       107128                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23612405                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553437                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377360                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18876192     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1726967      7.31%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       810744      3.43%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       801393      3.39%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       217997      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       932901      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        69988      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50859      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       125364      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23612405                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     11120409                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     13067980                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              4968363                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             3262513                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               834                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1725495                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        11620752                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       126561                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       125364                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           37874324                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          28996422                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                455931                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               1245592                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          11120409                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            13067980                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     11120409                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.255289                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.255289                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.443402                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.443402                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       67816975                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      15918601                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      17163614                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         1668                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               25079741                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2037811                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1670274                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       201750                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       831199                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         793338                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         209040                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8965                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19476308                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             11600604                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2037811                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1002378                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2549909                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        576555                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       648209                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1202112                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       200282                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     23045950                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615674                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967410                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       20496041     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         276167      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         318675      1.38%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         175156      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         202028      0.88%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         110802      0.48%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          75619      0.33%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         197733      0.86%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1193729      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     23045950                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.081253                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.462549                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       19312887                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       814973                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2527898                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        20794                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       369397                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       331149                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred         2127                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     14162315                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts        11341                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       369397                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       19344850                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        240919                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       486208                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2517938                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        86629                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     14152677                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        20938                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        41179                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents           30                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     19660139                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     65908335                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     65908335                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     16733966                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        2926173                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3773                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2138                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          234238                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1356232                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       737378                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19603                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       162941                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         14129506                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3779                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        13335341                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19073                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1804568                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4188790                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          492                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23045950                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578641                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268807                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17430633     75.63%     75.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2257011      9.79%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1213550      5.27%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       839010      3.64%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       735406      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       375925      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91732      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58905      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        43778      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23045950                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3294     11.13%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13080     44.19%     55.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13226     44.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11157677     83.67%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       208683      1.56%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1630      0.01%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1235991      9.27%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       731360      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     13335341                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.531718                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29600                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002220                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49765305                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15937985                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13107331                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     13364941                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        33541                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       246401                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           74                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          136                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18827                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          815                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       369397                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        193873                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13669                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14133307                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5976                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1356232                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       737378                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2138                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9763                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          136                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       115587                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114357                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       229944                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13134058                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1159416                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       201283                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            1890518                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1835884                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           731102                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.523692                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             13107623                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            13107331                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         7791267                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        20417005                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.522626                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.381607                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9829421                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     12059617                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2073855                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3287                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       202816                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22676553                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531810                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350711                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17750820     78.28%     78.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2283681     10.07%     88.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       957919      4.22%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       574370      2.53%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       398531      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       256793      1.13%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       134552      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       107509      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       212378      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22676553                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      9829421                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     12059617                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1828382                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1109831                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1640                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1725788                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        10872467                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       245393                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       212378                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           36597582                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          28636353                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                301489                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               2033791                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           9829421                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            12059617                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      9829421                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.551497                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.551497                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.391927                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.391927                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       59250415                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      18186048                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      13215735                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3284                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               25079741                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2066662                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1691489                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204230                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       870939                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         814436                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213628                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9240                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19942191                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             11546028                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2066662                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1028064                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2412194                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        555755                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       448607                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1221235                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204275                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     23151891                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612667                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954401                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       20739697     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         112264      0.48%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         180093      0.78%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         241900      1.04%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         248975      1.08%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         210083      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         118042      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         175021      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1125816      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     23151891                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.082404                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.460373                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       19741244                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       651525                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2407811                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         2671                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       348635                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       339388                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          265                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     14171440                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1551                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       348635                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       19795047                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        133394                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       395226                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2357415                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       122169                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     14166000                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        16453                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        53334                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     19769990                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     65898454                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     65898454                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     17144482                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        2625462                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3530                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1844                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          367938                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1329660                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       717873                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8417                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       211870                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         14149443                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3539                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        13442962                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1943                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1555561                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3722917                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          145                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23151891                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580642                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269619                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17428700     75.28%     75.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2382071     10.29%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1198045      5.17%     90.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       879866      3.80%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       694548      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       283333      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179445      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        93388      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12495      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23151891                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2510     11.13%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8235     36.52%     47.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11807     52.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11305907     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       199872      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1686      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1220122      9.08%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       715375      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     13442962                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.536009                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22552                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001678                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50062307                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15708601                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13237126                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     13465514                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26971                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       215667                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           59                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9175                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       348635                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        105977                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11973                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14153005                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1542                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1329660                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       717873                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1844                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10101                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           59                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119136                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114008                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       233144                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13253607                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1146583                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       189352                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            1861900                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1883757                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           715317                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.528459                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             13237239                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            13237126                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         7599629                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        20478254                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.527802                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.371107                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9994809                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     12298976                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1854019                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3394                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       206551                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22803256                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539352                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.383087                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17730233     77.75%     77.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2527592     11.08%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       942708      4.13%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       449360      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       396723      1.74%     96.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       218434      0.96%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       180281      0.79%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86260      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       271665      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22803256                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      9994809                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     12298976                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1822691                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1113993                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1694                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1773647                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        11081201                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       253309                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       271665                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           36684521                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          28654660                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                304143                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               1927850                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           9994809                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            12298976                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      9994809                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.509277                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.509277                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.398521                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.398521                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       59654866                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      18442055                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      13134002                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3390                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               25079741                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2068550                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1692405                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204162                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       871328                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         815308                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213770                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9290                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19943937                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             11557114                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2068550                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1029078                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2413428                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        556059                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       449543                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1221527                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204261                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     23156178                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613121                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.955144                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       20742750     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         112269      0.48%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         178851      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         241908      1.04%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         249281      1.08%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         210574      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         118273      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         175973      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1126299      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     23156178                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.082479                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.460815                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       19742186                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       653267                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2408997                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         2718                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       349005                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       340384                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          266                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     14184543                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1544                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       349005                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       19796100                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        133250                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       396641                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2358502                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       122675                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     14179440                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        16552                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        53538                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     19784883                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     65957326                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     65957326                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     17149292                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        2635586                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3464                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1775                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          368586                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1330162                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       718799                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8520                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       163818                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         14162003                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3474                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        13453626                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1969                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1564079                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3730124                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           76                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23156178                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580995                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272604                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17467243     75.43%     75.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2336543     10.09%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1186385      5.12%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       893442      3.86%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       702962      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       284127      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179439      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        93426      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12611      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23156178                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2454     10.89%     10.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8242     36.58%     47.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11833     52.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11315176     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       199885      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1687      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1220415      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       716463      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     13453626                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.536434                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22529                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001675                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50087928                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15729614                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13247377                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     13476155                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26824                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       215865                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           61                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9897                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       349005                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        105735                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12001                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14165498                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1633                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1330162                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       718799                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1777                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10161                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           61                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118645                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114368                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       233013                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13264099                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1147243                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       189527                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            1863639                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1885157                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           716396                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.528877                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             13247495                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            13247377                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         7605351                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        20495347                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.528210                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.371077                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9997678                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     12302429                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1863070                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3398                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       206487                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22807173                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539411                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388710                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17764396     77.89%     77.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2497325     10.95%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       945366      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       450455      1.98%     94.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       377502      1.66%     96.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       217711      0.95%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       192563      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        85774      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       276081      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22807173                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      9997678                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     12302429                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1823196                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1114294                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1696                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1774117                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        11084346                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       253381                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       276081                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           36696526                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          28680020                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                304265                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               1923563                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           9997678                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            12302429                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      9997678                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.508557                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.508557                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.398636                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.398636                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       59699606                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      18453710                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      13146546                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3394                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               25079741                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        2268713                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1889733                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       208754                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       894509                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         830220                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         243723                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9731                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19762715                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             12445266                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           2268713                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1073943                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2593661                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        580215                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       664154                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1228959                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       199631                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     23390110                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653752                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028509                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       20796449     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         158426      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         200776      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         320005      1.37%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         134197      0.57%     92.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         171662      0.73%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         200487      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          91545      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1316563      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     23390110                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.090460                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.496228                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       19647602                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       790461                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2581465                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1268                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       369307                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       344203                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          274                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     15208216                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1627                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       369307                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       19667603                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         63264                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       672356                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2562738                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        54836                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     15116079                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         7928                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        38030                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     21117106                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     70294316                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     70294316                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     17649195                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        3467875                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         3734                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1982                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          193373                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1414260                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       738887                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8111                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       167358                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         14754889                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3746                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        14150539                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        14071                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1802143                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3669097                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          218                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23390110                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.604980                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.325941                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17391853     74.36%     74.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2739568     11.71%     86.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1114955      4.77%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       627655      2.68%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       848459      3.63%     97.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       261302      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       257381      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       138032      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10905      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23390110                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         97823     79.28%     79.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12914     10.47%     89.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12652     10.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11922287     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       193413      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1751      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1296858      9.16%     94.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       736230      5.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     14150539                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.564222                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            123389                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008720                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51828642                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16560861                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13781128                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     14273928                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10338                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       267109                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           85                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9799                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       369307                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         48519                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6264                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14758639                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10917                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1414260                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       738887                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1983                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5474                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           85                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       123882                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116508                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       240390                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13903559                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1275911                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       246974                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            2012047                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1965700                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           736136                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.554374                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             13781203                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            13781128                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         8255643                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        22176510                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.549492                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.372270                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10268132                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     12652844                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2105825                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3528                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       210308                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23020803                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549627                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369658                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17663914     76.73%     76.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2715014     11.79%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       986919      4.29%     92.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       489877      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       449172      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       189089      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       186675      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        88966      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       251177      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23020803                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     10268132                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     12652844                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1876236                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1147148                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1760                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1833963                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        11391752                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       261297                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       251177                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           37528230                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          29886681                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                302615                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               1689631                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          10268132                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            12652844                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     10268132                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.442483                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.442483                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.409419                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.409419                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       62563729                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      19260820                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      14066762                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3526                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               25079741                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2039652                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1672409                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202349                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       832590                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         793281                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         209033                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9052                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19482438                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             11609192                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2039652                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1002314                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2551283                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        578929                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       626969                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1202927                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       200803                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     23034021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616425                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968603                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       20482738     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         276021      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         319205      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         175323      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         201338      0.87%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         111136      0.48%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          75385      0.33%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         197997      0.86%     94.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1194878      5.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     23034021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.081327                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.462891                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       19319880                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       792994                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2529189                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        20760                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       371197                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       330880                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred         2134                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     14171851                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts        11234                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       371197                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       19352101                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        253448                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       451110                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2518923                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        87233                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     14161828                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        21192                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        41385                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     19676663                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     65948238                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     65948238                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     16729162                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        2947476                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3752                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2118                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          236498                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1357381                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       737189                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19493                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       163510                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         14137867                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3760                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        13337061                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18999                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1816241                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4218501                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          473                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23034021                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579016                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269038                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17417430     75.62%     75.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2257593      9.80%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1213369      5.27%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       840607      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       735305      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       375337      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91529      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58978      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        43873      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23034021                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3345     11.32%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13019     44.06%     55.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13186     44.62%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11159515     83.67%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       208617      1.56%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1630      0.01%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1236144      9.27%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       731155      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     13337061                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.531786                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29550                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002216                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49756686                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15958005                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13108215                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     13366611                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        33233                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       247867                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           73                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          139                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18835                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          815                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       371197                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        205675                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13902                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14141647                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6037                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1357381                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       737189                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2119                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9913                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          139                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       116017                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114828                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       230845                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13134644                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1159205                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       202411                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            1890133                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1835781                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           730928                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.523715                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             13108524                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            13108215                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         7793065                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        20419991                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.522661                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.381639                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9826649                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     12056154                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2085672                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3287                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       203373                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22662824                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531979                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350779                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17737722     78.27%     78.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2283705     10.08%     88.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       958145      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       574000      2.53%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       398173      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       256672      1.13%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       134827      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       107495      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       212085      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22662824                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      9826649                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     12056154                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1827865                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1109511                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1640                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1725287                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        10869350                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       245318                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       212085                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           36592500                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          28654881                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                301921                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               2045720                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           9826649                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            12056154                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      9826649                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.552217                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.552217                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.391816                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.391816                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       59252535                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      18190837                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      13224326                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3284                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               25079741                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2039191                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1672156                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       201716                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       837661                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         794163                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         208888                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9018                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19472959                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             11601377                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2039191                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1003051                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2549217                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        576096                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       635660                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1201730                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       200158                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     23028956                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615879                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967621                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       20479739     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         275892      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         319291      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         175003      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         201369      0.87%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         111424      0.48%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          75718      0.33%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         197489      0.86%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1193031      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     23028956                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.081308                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.462580                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       19308586                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       803373                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2527351                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        20654                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       368991                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       330721                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred         2129                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     14156708                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts        11249                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       368991                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       19340702                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        267710                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       447361                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2517088                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        87095                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     14147083                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        21387                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        41170                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     19660022                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     65874737                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     65874737                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     16733948                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        2926062                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3720                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2085                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          235729                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1352739                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       736862                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19697                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       163061                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         14123208                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3723                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        13329464                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18751                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1799155                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4172120                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          437                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23028956                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578813                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268666                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17413386     75.62%     75.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2258546      9.81%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1213028      5.27%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       841082      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       734221      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       374184      1.62%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91723      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58814      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        43972      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23028956                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3398     11.78%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12350     42.82%     54.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13097     45.40%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11153498     83.68%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       208553      1.56%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1630      0.01%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1234953      9.26%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       730830      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     13329464                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.531483                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28845                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002164                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49735480                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15926223                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13103184                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     13358309                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        33318                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       242907                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           94                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          138                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18313                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          815                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       368991                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        220148                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14299                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14126957                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6280                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1352739                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       736862                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2082                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10259                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          138                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       115946                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114085                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       230031                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13128605                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1158523                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       200859                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            1889117                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1835774                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           730594                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.523475                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             13103549                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            13103184                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         7788786                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        20398892                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.522461                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.381824                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9829408                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     12059601                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2067508                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3286                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       202754                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22659965                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532199                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350768                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17733185     78.26%     78.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2283638     10.08%     88.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       958454      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       575629      2.54%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       398061      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       257412      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       134190      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       107444      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       211952      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22659965                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      9829408                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     12059601                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1828378                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1109829                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1640                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1725784                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        10872452                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       245391                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       211952                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           36575057                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          28623233                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                300833                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               2050785                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           9829408                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            12059601                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      9829408                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.551501                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.551501                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.391926                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.391926                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       59230247                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      18185244                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      13216471                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3282                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               25079741                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2040374                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1672596                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       201370                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       832311                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         793755                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         209154                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8974                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19485225                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             11613203                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2040374                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1002909                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2552418                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        576165                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       643754                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1202372                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       199937                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     23052915                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616157                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968244                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       20500497     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         276567      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         319160      1.38%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         175255      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         201615      0.87%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         110872      0.48%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          75304      0.33%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         198249      0.86%     94.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1195396      5.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     23052915                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.081355                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.463051                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       19321251                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       811089                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2530711                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        20473                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       369390                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       331415                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred         2128                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     14177855                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts        11218                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       369390                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       19353165                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        243198                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       480095                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2520490                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        86568                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     14168140                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        21198                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        41060                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     19684859                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     65978398                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     65978398                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     16751064                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        2933759                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3727                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2092                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          235068                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1358167                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       738354                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19697                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       163470                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         14144029                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3735                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        13347591                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19398                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1807571                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4202400                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          445                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23052915                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578998                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268910                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17431997     75.62%     75.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2258460      9.80%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1214687      5.27%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       842043      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       735905      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       375509      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91664      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58721      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        43929      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23052915                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3329     11.19%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13186     44.32%     55.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13237     44.49%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11166802     83.66%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       208967      1.57%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1632      0.01%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1237975      9.27%     94.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       732215      5.49%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     13347591                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.532206                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29752                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002229                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49797245                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15955472                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13119388                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     13377343                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        33524                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       247198                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           87                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          140                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        19050                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          816                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       369390                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        195999                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13716                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14147789                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6332                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1358167                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       738354                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2092                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9745                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          140                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       115563                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114292                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       229855                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13146451                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1161028                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       201138                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            1893001                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1837807                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           731973                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.524186                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             13119665                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            13119388                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         7799691                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        20433633                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.523107                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.381708                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9839546                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     12071964                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2075974                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3290                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       202429                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22683525                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532191                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351145                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17752532     78.26%     78.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2286289     10.08%     88.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       959013      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       575242      2.54%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       398477      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       256808      1.13%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       134837      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       107663      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       212664      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22683525                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      9839546                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     12071964                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1830267                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1110967                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1642                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1727559                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        10883591                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       245638                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       212664                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           36618734                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          28665306                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                301387                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               2026826                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           9839546                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            12071964                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      9839546                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.548872                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.548872                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.392330                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.392330                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       59304213                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      18205486                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      13230218                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3286                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               25079741                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        1954954                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1763722                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       104919                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       739175                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         695561                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         107466                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4600                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20700333                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             12301481                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           1954954                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       803027                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2430232                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        330552                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       475166                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1190673                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       105270                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     23828797                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605805                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935018                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       21398565     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          86223      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         177011      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          73651      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         402415      1.69%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         358896      1.51%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          69481      0.29%     94.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         147054      0.62%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1115501      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     23828797                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077950                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.490495                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       20583313                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       593802                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2420918                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         7945                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       222814                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       171701                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          252                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     14426083                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1540                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       222814                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       20605467                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        417851                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       107884                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2408174                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        66600                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     14417517                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        27709                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        24367                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents          461                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     16940394                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     67901290                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     67901290                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     14977691                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        1962697                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         1686                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          859                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          170315                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      3397230                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      1716489                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15598                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        83368                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         14386602                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1692                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        13816345                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7617                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1138661                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2742651                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           25                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23828797                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579817                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377486                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18922750     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1467010      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1206182      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       520474      2.18%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       661980      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       639617      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       363989      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        28750      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18045      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23828797                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35003     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead       272567     86.40%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7917      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8673237     62.78%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       120695      0.87%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          826      0.01%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3309436     23.95%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1712151     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     13816345                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.550897                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            315487                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022834                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51784591                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15527309                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13695723                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     14131832                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25103                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       136389                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           54                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          355                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11535                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1222                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       222814                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        382010                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        17923                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14388311                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          166                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3397230                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1716489                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          860                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11988                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          355                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        59899                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62837                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       122736                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13717975                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3297928                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        98370                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  17                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            5009892                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1796275                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          1711964                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.546974                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             13696256                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            13695723                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         7400730                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        14595307                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.546087                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.507062                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11115155                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     13061954                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1327603                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1667                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       106978                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23605983                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553332                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377100                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18871103     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1726873      7.32%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       810379      3.43%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       801467      3.40%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       217883      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       932337      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        70022      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50779      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       125140      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23605983                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     11115155                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     13061954                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              4965787                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             3260838                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               832                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1724784                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        11615364                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       126526                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       125140                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           37870361                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          29001970                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                455878                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               1250944                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          11115155                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            13061954                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     11115155                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.256355                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.256355                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.443193                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.443193                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       67804124                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      15914998                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      17163320                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         1664                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               25079741                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        2068596                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1692729                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204436                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       870136                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         814597                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         214212                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9360                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19947620                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             11558718                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           2068596                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1028809                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2414287                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        556832                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       452627                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1221937                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204469                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     23164302                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613013                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954965                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       20750015     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         112244      0.48%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         179319      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         242633      1.05%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         249178      1.08%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         210474      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         118181      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         174984      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1127274      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     23164302                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.082481                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.460879                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       19746751                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       655480                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2409914                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         2648                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       349504                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       340045                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          265                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     14186919                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1539                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       349504                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       19800369                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        133534                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       399443                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2359743                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       121704                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     14181622                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        16328                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        53168                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     19792369                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     65969567                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     65969567                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     17155743                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        2636607                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         3521                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1831                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          367109                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1331094                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       718827                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8466                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       254733                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         14164823                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3531                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        13457036                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1973                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1561754                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3731218                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          133                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23164302                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580939                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267778                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17403267     75.13%     75.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2422765     10.46%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1212431      5.23%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       868033      3.75%     94.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       688386      2.97%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       283545      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179783      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        93393      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12699      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23164302                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2496     11.07%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8239     36.53%     47.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11818     52.40%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11317217     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       200119      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1687      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1221726      9.08%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       716287      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     13457036                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.536570                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22553                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001676                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50102900                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15730167                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13249783                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     13479589                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27732                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       216383                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           61                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9674                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       349504                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        106087                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11976                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14168373                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1613                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1331094                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       718827                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1834                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10098                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           61                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118892                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114463                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       233355                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13266504                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1147981                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       190532                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            1864207                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1885548                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           716226                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.528973                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             13249913                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            13249783                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         7607007                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        20497764                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.528306                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.371114                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10001373                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     12306993                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1861370                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3398                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       206761                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22814797                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539430                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.378208                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17710866     77.63%     77.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2555744     11.20%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       941013      4.12%     92.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       449850      1.97%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       413842      1.81%     96.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       219282      0.96%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       169646      0.74%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86413      0.38%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       268141      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22814797                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     10001373                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     12306993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              1823861                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1114708                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              1696                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1774769                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        11088446                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       253470                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       268141                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           36714954                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          28686260                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                304321                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               1915439                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          10001373                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            12306993                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     10001373                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.507630                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.507630                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.398783                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.398783                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       59711757                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      18459499                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      13148600                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         3394                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               25079741                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2271248                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1891108                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       208431                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       895130                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         831291                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         244488                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9813                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19776140                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             12460095                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2271248                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1075779                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2597488                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        579691                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       663561                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1229608                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       199251                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     23406562                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654216                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029139                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       20809074     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         158931      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         201193      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         320457      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         133570      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         172056      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         201157      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          92243      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1317881      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     23406562                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.090561                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.496819                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       19660320                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       790682                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2585221                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         1225                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       369107                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       345329                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          267                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     15229189                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1589                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       369107                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       19680427                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         63398                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       671943                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2566331                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        55350                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     15135892                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         7988                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        38515                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     21142373                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     70387859                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     70387859                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     17675832                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        3466541                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3721                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1966                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          195002                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1417806                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       740329                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8225                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       168219                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         14777328                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3733                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        14172532                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        14867                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1803024                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3677843                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          201                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23406562                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605494                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326264                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17399779     74.34%     74.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2740957     11.71%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1119041      4.78%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       627887      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       850966      3.64%     97.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       261624      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       257173      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       138270      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10865      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23406562                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         98191     79.19%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13142     10.60%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12669     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11939131     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       193748      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1753      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1300124      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       737776      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     14172532                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.565099                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            124002                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008749                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51890495                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16584169                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13802184                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     14296534                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10458                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       268915                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           86                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10143                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       369107                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         48545                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6238                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14781066                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11443                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1417806                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       740329                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1968                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5428                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           86                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       123487                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116266                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       239753                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13925460                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1278490                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       247072                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            2016171                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1968987                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           737681                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.555247                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             13802266                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            13802184                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         8269318                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        22214494                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.550332                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.372249                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10283633                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     12671964                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2109154                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3532                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       209993                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23037455                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550059                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370148                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17672442     76.71%     76.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2719223     11.80%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       988026      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       491540      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       449315      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       189275      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       186789      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        89060      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       251785      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23037455                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     10283633                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     12671964                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1879077                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1148891                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1762                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1836743                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        11408937                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       261683                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       251785                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           37566723                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          29931354                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                302191                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               1673179                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          10283633                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            12671964                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     10283633                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.438802                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.438802                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.410037                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.410037                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       62659651                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      19287218                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      14084451                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3530                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               25079741                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        1954265                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1762839                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       105405                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       730019                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         695641                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         107577                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4587                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20696358                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             12296310                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           1954265                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       803218                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2429986                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        331203                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       476204                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1190766                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       105699                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     23825774                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605634                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934599                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       21395788     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          86317      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         177358      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          73873      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         402339      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         358858      1.51%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          70010      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         146496      0.61%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1114735      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     23825774                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077922                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.490289                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       20579489                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       594695                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2420761                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         7848                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       222976                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       171854                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          250                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     14420161                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1509                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       222976                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       20601662                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        419119                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       107661                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2407885                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        66464                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     14411520                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        27547                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        24398                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents          461                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     16936907                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     67872324                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     67872324                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     14971265                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        1965630                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         1743                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          917                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          170365                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      3394048                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      1714835                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15544                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        83640                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         14380053                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1750                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        13811387                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7378                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1135939                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2735376                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           82                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23825774                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579683                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377337                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18921354     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1466982      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1204536      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       521068      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       662459      2.78%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       639159      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       363319      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        28592      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18305      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23825774                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34885     11.07%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead       272246     86.42%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7889      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8672770     62.79%     62.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       120682      0.87%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          826      0.01%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3306560     23.94%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1710549     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     13811387                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.550699                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            315020                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022809                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51770946                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15518114                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13690198                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     14126407                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25033                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       135999                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           60                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          374                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11280                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1223                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       222976                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        383356                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        17910                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14381819                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          182                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3394048                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1714835                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          917                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12030                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          374                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        60424                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62860                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       123284                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13712332                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3294900                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        99055                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  16                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            5005308                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1795775                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          1710408                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.546749                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             13690718                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            13690198                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         7397422                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        14589082                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.545867                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.507052                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11109009                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     13054968                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1328054                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1668                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       107459                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23602798                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553111                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376925                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18869718     79.95%     79.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1727126      7.32%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       810222      3.43%     90.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       800595      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       217654      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       931356      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        70030      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50739      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       125358      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23602798                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     11109009                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     13054968                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              4961597                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             3258042                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               832                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1723945                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        11609217                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       126526                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       125358                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           37860423                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          28989068                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                455866                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               1253967                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          11109009                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            13054968                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     11109009                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.257604                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.257604                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.442948                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.442948                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       67771728                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      15911369                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      17153691                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         1666                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               25079741                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2269621                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1890311                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       208661                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       895694                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         831185                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         244053                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9805                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19779534                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             12452235                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2269621                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1075238                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2596002                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        579336                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       660271                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1229694                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       199465                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     23404607                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653693                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028212                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       20808605     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         158572      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         201833      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         320089      1.37%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         134359      0.57%     92.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         172196      0.74%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         200818      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          91470      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1316665      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     23404607                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.090496                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.496506                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       19663560                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       787553                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2583656                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1297                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       368534                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       344538                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          266                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     15215356                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1601                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       368534                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       19683680                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         63475                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       668752                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2564848                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        55312                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     15122119                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         8090                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        38360                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     21126177                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     70324302                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     70324302                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     17668941                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        3457232                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3695                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1942                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          194418                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1414409                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       739251                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8327                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       167741                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         14764127                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3707                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        14163408                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13752                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1796228                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3651635                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          176                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23404607                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605155                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.325904                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17400262     74.35%     74.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2741501     11.71%     86.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1117812      4.78%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       627822      2.68%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       849301      3.63%     97.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       261291      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       257911      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       137964      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10743      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23404607                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         97662     79.25%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12912     10.48%     89.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12660     10.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11933195     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       193711      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1752      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1298026      9.16%     94.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       736724      5.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     14163408                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.564735                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            123234                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008701                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51868409                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16564144                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13793740                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     14286642                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10481                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       265989                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           84                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9379                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       368534                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         48670                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6217                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14767838                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11123                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1414409                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       739251                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1943                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5423                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           84                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124160                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116063                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       240223                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13915918                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1276806                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       247490                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            2013439                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1967853                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           736633                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.554867                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             13793817                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            13793740                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         8264504                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        22198521                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.549995                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.372300                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10279614                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     12666953                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2100938                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3531                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       210216                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23036073                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549875                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369761                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17672770     76.72%     76.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2718094     11.80%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       987907      4.29%     92.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       491309      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       449536      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       189285      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       186887      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        89053      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       251232      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23036073                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     10279614                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     12666953                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1878290                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1148418                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1762                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1836007                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        11404444                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       261583                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       251232                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           37552667                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          29904330                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                302474                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               1675134                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          10279614                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            12666953                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     10279614                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.439755                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.439755                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.409877                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.409877                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       62618440                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      19277915                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      14075075                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3528                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               25079741                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2039280                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1667838                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       200791                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       838283                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         800840                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         208735                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8984                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19763524                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             11570067                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2039280                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1009575                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2423502                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        584605                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       357053                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1217113                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202095                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     22923566                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616747                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968946                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       20500064     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         132265      0.58%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         207007      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         329657      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         136270      0.59%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         152504      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         162628      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         105944      0.46%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1197227      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     22923566                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.081312                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.461331                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       19582333                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       540044                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2415725                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         6274                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       379186                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       334154                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          279                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     14126755                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1652                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       379186                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       19613493                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        169126                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       282278                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2391407                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        88072                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     14117137                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents         2244                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        24274                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        33091                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4770                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     19597380                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     65664371                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     65664371                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     16691118                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        2906262                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3625                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2009                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          264326                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1346498                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       722820                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21683                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       166221                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         14095098                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3634                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        13321900                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16741                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1816483                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4070418                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          379                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22923566                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581144                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273221                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17308831     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2251252      9.82%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1232077      5.37%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       842281      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       786413      3.43%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       224762      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       176896      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        59619      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41435      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22923566                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3168     12.55%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9854     39.02%     51.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12229     48.43%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11160247     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       211014      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1613      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1230649      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       718377      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     13321900                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.531182                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25251                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001895                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49609358                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15915365                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13104410                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     13347151                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        39809                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       244917                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           33                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          154                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22473                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          847                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       379186                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        117645                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11975                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14098761                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5873                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1346498                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       722820                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2009                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8815                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          154                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       115988                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       115856                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       231844                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13129894                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1157521                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       192006                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  29                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            1875593                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1847174                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           718072                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.523526                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             13104624                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            13104410                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         7663978                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        20022827                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.522510                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.382762                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9804311                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     12017389                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2081394                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3255                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       204758                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22544380                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533055                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386482                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17664058     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2364738     10.49%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       920387      4.08%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       495599      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       370133      1.64%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       206588      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       128598      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       114212      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       280067      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22544380                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      9804311                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     12017389                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1801928                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1101581                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1624                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1724948                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        10828625                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       244123                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       280067                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           36363031                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          28576782                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                320678                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               2156175                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           9804311                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            12017389                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      9804311                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.558032                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.558032                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.390926                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.390926                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       59202561                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      18166850                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      13173957                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3252                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                          30088                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32761.828734                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          2295292                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          62856                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          36.516673                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           299.356618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    24.642365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   573.287720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    24.431078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   478.664652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    23.882213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1389.373156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    21.512441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   873.548469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    25.915767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   576.798499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    26.298655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   570.915371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    24.894028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   502.090484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    19.717609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   853.957524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    23.911373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   886.451340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    20.513312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   857.795701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    24.604350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1394.679860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    25.376282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   564.932477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    25.176452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   468.581735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    26.535042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1392.656773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    22.912238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   474.873716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    25.665327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1213.278952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1068.388703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           877.781097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1507.384649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1242.028668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1053.083277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1046.096639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           822.890044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1325.927057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1237.738564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1294.899031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1488.427829                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1089.443430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           890.283000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1481.682530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           884.385122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1694.157512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.009136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.017495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.014608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.042400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.026659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.017602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.017423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.015323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.026061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.027052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.026178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.042562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.017240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.014300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.042501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.014492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.037026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.032605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.026788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.046002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.037904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.032138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.031924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.025113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.040464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.037773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.039517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.045423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.033247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.027169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.045217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.026989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.051702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2643                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4918                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3672                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2675                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3730                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3663                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3715                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2656                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4890                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2672                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   55281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            20816                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 20816                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   217                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2729                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3730                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2751                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    55498                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2721                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2658                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4927                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3687                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2690                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2729                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2605                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3744                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3678                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3730                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4893                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2751                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2670                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4899                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2685                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4403                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   55498                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1333                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1083                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1920                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1354                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1331                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1871                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1942                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1892                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3163                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1303                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1067                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3165                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1056                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2718                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 30063                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  13                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1333                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1083                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1923                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1354                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1331                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1875                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1945                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1895                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1303                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3165                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1056                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2718                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  30076                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1333                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1083                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3150                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1923                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1354                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1331                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1135                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1875                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1945                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1895                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3163                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1303                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1067                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3165                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1056                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2718                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 30076                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5857241                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    201474085                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5281219                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    165411097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5731796                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    479151939                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5411431                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    289914766                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6263511                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    204365433                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5746570                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    201549485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5522431                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    172024721                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5482800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    283154422                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5319352                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    293672955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5326192                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    286998169                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5828400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    480010836                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5783212                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    197797737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5524688                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    161716898                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5433275                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    482785040                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4990441                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    160794159                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5490457                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    411482468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4561297226                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       463362                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       597257                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       493362                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       427999                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       1981980                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5857241                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    201474085                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5281219                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    165411097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5731796                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    479151939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5411431                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    290378128                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6263511                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    204365433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5746570                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    201549485                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5522431                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    172024721                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5482800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    283751679                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5319352                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    294166317                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5326192                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    287426168                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5828400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    480010836                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5783212                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    197797737                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5524688                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    161716898                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5433275                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    482785040                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4990441                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    160794159                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5490457                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    411482468                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       4563279206                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5857241                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    201474085                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5281219                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    165411097                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5731796                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    479151939                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5411431                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    290378128                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6263511                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    204365433                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5746570                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    201549485                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5522431                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    172024721                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5482800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    283751679                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5319352                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    294166317                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5326192                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    287426168                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5828400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    480010836                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5783212                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    197797737                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5524688                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    161716898                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5433275                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    482785040                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4990441                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    160794159                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5490457                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    411482468                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      4563279206                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         3726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8068                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5592                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5601                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8047                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         8055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         3728                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               85344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        20816                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             20816                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               230                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         3741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         8064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         3741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                85574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         3741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         8064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         3741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               85574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.290660                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.390431                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.343348                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.336064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.329048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.304616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.334047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.346476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.337435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.393066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.322605                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.286597                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.392924                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.283262                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.382494                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.352257                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.222222                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.056522                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.328811                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.289495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.389996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.342781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.334817                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.327833                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.303476                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.333689                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.345901                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.336889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.392627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.321411                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.285523                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.392485                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.282277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.381688                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.351462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.328811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.289495                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.389996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.342781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.334817                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.327833                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.303476                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.333689                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.345901                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.336889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.392627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.321411                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.285523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.392485                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.282277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.381688                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.351462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154137.921053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151143.349587                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 150891.971429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 152734.161588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 154913.405405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152111.726667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 150317.527778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150997.273958                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 156587.775000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150934.588626                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151225.526316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151427.111195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153400.861111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151563.630837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161258.823529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151338.547301                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156451.529412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151221.912976                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156652.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151690.364165                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157524.324324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151758.089156                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 152189.789474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151801.793553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 157848.228571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151562.228679                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 146845.270270                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152538.717220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 146777.676471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 152267.196023                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 148390.729730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151391.636497                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151724.619166                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       154454                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 149314.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       164454                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 142666.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       152460                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154137.921053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151143.349587                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 150891.971429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 152734.161588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 154913.405405                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152111.726667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 150317.527778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151002.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 156587.775000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150934.588626                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151225.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151427.111195                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153400.861111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151563.630837                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161258.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151334.228800                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156451.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151242.322365                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156652.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151676.078100                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157524.324324                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151758.089156                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 152189.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151801.793553                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 157848.228571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151562.228679                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 146845.270270                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152538.717220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 146777.676471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 152267.196023                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 148390.729730                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151391.636497                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151724.937026                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154137.921053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151143.349587                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 150891.971429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 152734.161588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 154913.405405                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152111.726667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 150317.527778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151002.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 156587.775000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150934.588626                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151225.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151427.111195                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153400.861111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151563.630837                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161258.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151334.228800                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156451.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151242.322365                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156652.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151676.078100                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157524.324324                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151758.089156                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 152189.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151801.793553                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 157848.228571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151562.228679                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 146845.270270                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152538.717220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 146777.676471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 152267.196023                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 148390.729730                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151391.636497                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151724.937026                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                11446                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     11446                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            30063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             13                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             30076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1333                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1083                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1923                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1354                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1331                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1875                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1945                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1895                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3163                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1303                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1056                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2718                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            30076                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3651405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    123841972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3249711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    102353107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3582091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    295781105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3321626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    178106198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3937859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    125508678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3538844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    124062267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3433926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    105939483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3508869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    174217691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3342308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    180582045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3350063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    176804600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3679569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    295895362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3573109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    121942988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3489867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     99577836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3278589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    298566563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3011302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     99312021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3337786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    253211791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2810990631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       288530                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       365260                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       318711                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       253126                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1225627                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3651405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    123841972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3249711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    102353107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3582091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    295781105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3321626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    178394728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3937859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    125508678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3538844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    124062267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3433926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    105939483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3508869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    174582951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3342308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    180900756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3350063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    177057726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3679569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    295895362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3573109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    121942988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3489867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     99577836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3278589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    298566563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3011302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     99312021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3337786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    253211791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2812216258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3651405                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    123841972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3249711                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    102353107                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3582091                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    295781105                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3321626                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    178394728                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3937859                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    125508678                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3538844                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    124062267                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3433926                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    105939483                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3508869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    174582951                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3342308                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    180900756                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3350063                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    177057726                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3679569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    295895362                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3573109                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    121942988                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3489867                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     99577836                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3278589                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    298566563                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3011302                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     99312021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3337786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    253211791                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2812216258                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.290660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.390431                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.343348                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.336064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.329048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.304616                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.334047                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.346476                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.337435                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.393066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.322605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.286597                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.392924                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.283262                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.382494                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.352257                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.222222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.328811                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.289495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.389996                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.342781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.334817                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.327833                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.303476                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.333689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.345901                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.336889                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.392627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.321411                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.285523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.392485                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.282277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.381688                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.351462                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.328811                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.289495                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.389996                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.342781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.334817                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.327833                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.303476                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.333689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.345901                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.336889                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.392627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.321411                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.285523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.392485                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.282277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.381688                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.351462                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 96089.605263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92904.705176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 92848.885714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 94508.870729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 96813.270270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93898.763492                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 92267.388889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92763.644792                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 98446.475000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92694.740030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93127.473684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93209.817431                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 95386.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93338.751542                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 103202.029412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93114.746660                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 98303.176471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92987.664779                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 98531.264706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93448.520085                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 99447.810811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93548.960481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 94029.184211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93586.330008                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 99710.485714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93325.057170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 88610.513514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 94333.827172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 88567.705882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 94045.474432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 90210.432432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93161.071008                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93503.330706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 96176.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        91315                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       106237                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 84375.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        94279                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 96089.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92904.705176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 92848.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 94508.870729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 96813.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93898.763492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 92267.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92768.969319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 98446.475000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92694.740030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93127.473684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93209.817431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 95386.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93338.751542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 103202.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93110.907200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 98303.176471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93008.100771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 98531.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93434.156201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 99447.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93548.960481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 94029.184211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93586.330008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 99710.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93325.057170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 88610.513514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 94333.827172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 88567.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 94045.474432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 90210.432432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93161.071008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93503.665980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 96089.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92904.705176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 92848.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 94508.870729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 96813.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93898.763492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 92267.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92768.969319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 98446.475000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92694.740030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93127.473684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93209.817431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 95386.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93338.751542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 103202.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93110.907200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 98303.176471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93008.100771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 98531.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93434.156201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 99447.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93548.960481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 94029.184211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93586.330008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 99710.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93325.057170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 88610.513514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 94333.827172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 88567.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 94045.474432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 90210.432432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93161.071008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93503.665980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              509.433942                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001229808                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1940367.844961                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    34.433942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.055183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.816401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1221712                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1221712                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1221712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1221712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1221712                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1221712                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7960563                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7960563                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7960563                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7960563                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7960563                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7960563                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1221760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1221760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1221760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1221760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1221760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1221760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 165845.062500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165845.062500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 165845.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165845.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 165845.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165845.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6758280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6758280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6758280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6758280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6758280                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6758280                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 164836.097561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164836.097561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 164836.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164836.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 164836.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164836.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 4054                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              152643287                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 4310                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             35416.075870                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   220.932491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    35.067509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.863018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.136982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       839751                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        839751                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       705702                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       705702                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1744                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1744                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1545453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1545453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1545453                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1545453                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        12933                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12933                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        13021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        13021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        13021                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        13021                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1526974556                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1526974556                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      7496098                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7496098                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1534470654                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1534470654                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1534470654                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1534470654                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       852684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       852684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       705790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       705790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1744                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1744                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1558474                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1558474                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1558474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1558474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.015167                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015167                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 118068.085982                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118068.085982                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 85182.931818                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85182.931818                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 117845.837800                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117845.837800                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 117845.837800                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117845.837800                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          848                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             848                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         8894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         8967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         8967                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8967                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    399032354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    399032354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1073847                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1073847                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    400106201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    400106201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    400106201                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    400106201                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 98794.838821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98794.838821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 71589.800000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71589.800000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 98694.178836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98694.178836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 98694.178836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98694.178836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              487.033260                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1004328677                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             2041318.449187                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    32.033260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.051335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1229237                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1229237                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1229237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1229237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1229237                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1229237                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8837078                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8837078                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8837078                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8837078                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8837078                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8837078                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1229284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1229284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1229284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1229284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1229284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1229284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 188022.936170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 188022.936170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 188022.936170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 188022.936170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 188022.936170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 188022.936170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7161536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7161536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7161536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7161536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7161536                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7161536                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 193555.027027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 193555.027027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 193555.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 193555.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 193555.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 193555.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 3741                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              148943626                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 3997                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             37263.854391                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   219.369917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    36.630083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.856914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.143086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       977889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        977889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       725941                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       725941                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1949                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1949                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1766                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1766                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1703830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1703830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1703830                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1703830                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         9518                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9518                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           77                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           77                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         9595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         9595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         9595                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         9595                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    996653532                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    996653532                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      6665907                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6665907                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1003319439                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1003319439                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1003319439                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1003319439                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       987407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       987407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       726018                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       726018                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1949                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1949                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1766                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1766                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1713425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1713425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1713425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1713425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009639                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009639                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005600                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005600                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005600                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005600                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104712.495482                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104712.495482                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 86570.220779                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86570.220779                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104566.903491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104566.903491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104566.903491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104566.903491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          864                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             864                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         5792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         5854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         5854                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5854                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    356334835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    356334835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1280915                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1280915                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    357615750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    357615750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    357615750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    357615750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002183                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002183                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 95634.684648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95634.684648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 85394.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85394.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 95593.624699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95593.624699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 95593.624699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95593.624699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              573.601182                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1032147652                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  581                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1776501.982788                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    33.033650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   540.567531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.052939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.866294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.919233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1190887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1190887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1190887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1190887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1190887                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1190887                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8180113                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8180113                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8180113                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8180113                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8180113                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8180113                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1190936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1190936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1190936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1190936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1190936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1190936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 166941.081633                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166941.081633                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 166941.081633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166941.081633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 166941.081633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166941.081633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6487890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6487890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6487890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6487890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6487890                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6487890                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 170733.947368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170733.947368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 170733.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170733.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 170733.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170733.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 8077                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              406957039                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 8333                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             48836.798152                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   110.998416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   145.001584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.433588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.566412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      3112767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3112767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1704126                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1704126                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          836                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          836                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          834                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          834                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      4816893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        4816893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      4816893                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       4816893                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        28582                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28582                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        28611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        28611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        28611                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        28611                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3305015121                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3305015121                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      2379307                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2379307                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3307394428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3307394428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3307394428                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3307394428                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      3141349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3141349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1704155                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1704155                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          836                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          836                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          834                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          834                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      4845504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4845504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      4845504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4845504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 115632.745119                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115632.745119                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 82045.068966                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82045.068966                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 115598.700779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115598.700779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 115598.700779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115598.700779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1760                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            1760                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        20514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        20534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        20534                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20534                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         8068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         8077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         8077                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8077                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    859171932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    859171932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       615618                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       615618                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    859787550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    859787550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    859787550                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    859787550                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106491.315320                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106491.315320                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        68402                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        68402                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106448.873344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106448.873344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106448.873344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106448.873344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              511.062118                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1002526219                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1931649.747592                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    29.062118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.046574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1202068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1202068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1202068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1202068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1202068                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1202068                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7331855                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7331855                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7331855                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7331855                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7331855                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7331855                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1202112                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1202112                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1202112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1202112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1202112                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1202112                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 166633.068182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166633.068182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 166633.068182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166633.068182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 166633.068182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166633.068182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6110668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6110668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6110668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6110668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6110668                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6110668                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 165153.189189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165153.189189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 165153.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165153.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 165153.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165153.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 5610                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              158552959                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 5866                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             27029.144050                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   226.924910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    29.075090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.886425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.113575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       847024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        847024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       714512                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       714512                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1741                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1741                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1642                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1642                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1561536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1561536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1561536                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1561536                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19263                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19263                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          486                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          486                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19749                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        19749                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19749                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        19749                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2410851891                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2410851891                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     59651525                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     59651525                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2470503416                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2470503416                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2470503416                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2470503416                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       866287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       866287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       714998                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       714998                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1741                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1741                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1642                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1642                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1581285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1581285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1581285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1581285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.022236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000680                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000680                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012489                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012489                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012489                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012489                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 125154.539324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125154.539324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122739.763374                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122739.763374                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 125095.114487                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125095.114487                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 125095.114487                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125095.114487                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1942                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            1942                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        13671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          468                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          468                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        14139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        14139                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14139                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    559800427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    559800427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1486880                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1486880                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    561287307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    561287307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    561287307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    561287307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 100107.372496                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100107.372496                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 82604.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82604.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 100051.213369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100051.213369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 100051.213369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100051.213369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              510.315531                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1001229282                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1932875.061776                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    35.315531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.056595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1221186                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1221186                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1221186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1221186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1221186                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1221186                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9015785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9015785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9015785                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9015785                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9015785                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9015785                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1221235                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1221235                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1221235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1221235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1221235                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1221235                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 183995.612245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 183995.612245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 183995.612245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 183995.612245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 183995.612245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 183995.612245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7749614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7749614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7749614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7749614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7749614                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7749614                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 180223.581395                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180223.581395                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 180223.581395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180223.581395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 180223.581395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180223.581395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 4044                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              152642319                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 4300                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             35498.213721                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   220.923127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    35.076873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.862981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.137019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       839053                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        839053                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       705354                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       705354                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1824                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1824                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1695                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1695                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1544407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1544407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1544407                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1544407                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        12955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12955                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        12955                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1520760577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1520760577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      8415922                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8415922                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1529176499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1529176499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1529176499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1529176499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       851921                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       851921                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       705441                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       705441                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1824                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1824                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1695                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1695                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1557362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1557362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1557362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1557362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.015105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 118181.580432                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118181.580432                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 96734.735632                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96734.735632                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 118037.552991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118037.552991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 118037.552991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118037.552991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          848                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             848                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         8839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         8911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         8911                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8911                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4044                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4044                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    400171562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    400171562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1207731                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1207731                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    401379293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    401379293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    401379293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    401379293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004729                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004729                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 99322.800199                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99322.800199                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 80515.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80515.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 99253.039812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99253.039812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 99253.039812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99253.039812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              509.627539                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1001229574                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1940367.391473                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    34.627539                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.055493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.816711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1221478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1221478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1221478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1221478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1221478                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1221478                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8394301                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8394301                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8394301                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8394301                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8394301                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8394301                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1221527                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1221527                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1221527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1221527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1221527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1221527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 171312.265306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171312.265306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 171312.265306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171312.265306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 171312.265306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171312.265306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7027004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7027004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7027004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7027004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7027004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7027004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 171390.341463                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171390.341463                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 171390.341463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171390.341463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 171390.341463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171390.341463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 4060                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              152643196                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 4316                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             35366.820204                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   220.939122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    35.060878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.863043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.136957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       839799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        839799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       705554                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       705554                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1753                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1753                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1545353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1545353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1545353                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1545353                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12947                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12947                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        13035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        13035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        13035                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        13035                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1522911839                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1522911839                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      7903383                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7903383                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1530815222                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1530815222                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1530815222                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1530815222                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       852746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       852746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       705642                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       705642                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1753                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1753                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1558388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1558388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1558388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1558388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.015183                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015183                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 117626.619217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117626.619217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 89811.170455                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89811.170455                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 117438.835596                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117438.835596                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 117438.835596                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117438.835596                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          848                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             848                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8975                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8975                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4060                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4060                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    399111413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    399111413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1126099                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1126099                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    400237512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    400237512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    400237512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    400237512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004743                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004743                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 98667.840049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98667.840049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 75073.266667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75073.266667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 98580.667980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98580.667980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 98580.667980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98580.667980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              487.570972                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1004328352                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             2037177.184584                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    32.570972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.052197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.781364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1228912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1228912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1228912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1228912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1228912                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1228912                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      9202886                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9202886                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      9202886                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9202886                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      9202886                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9202886                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1228959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1228959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1228959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1228959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1228959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1228959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 195806.085106                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 195806.085106                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 195806.085106                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 195806.085106                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 195806.085106                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 195806.085106                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7397479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7397479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7397479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7397479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7397479                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7397479                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 194670.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194670.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 194670.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194670.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 194670.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194670.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 3740                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              148942351                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 3996                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             37272.860611                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   219.364543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    36.635457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.856893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.143107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       977091                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        977091                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       725462                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       725462                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1954                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1954                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1763                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1763                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1702553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1702553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1702553                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1702553                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9582                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         9582                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9582                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         9582                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1002152375                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1002152375                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      5483515                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5483515                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1007635890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1007635890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1007635890                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1007635890                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       986605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       986605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       725530                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       725530                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1954                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1954                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1763                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1763                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1712135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1712135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1712135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1712135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005597                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005597                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005597                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005597                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105334.493904                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105334.493904                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 80639.926471                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80639.926471                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105159.245460                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105159.245460                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105159.245460                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105159.245460                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          867                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             867                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         5788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           54                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           54                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         5842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         5842                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5842                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3740                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3740                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    358764268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    358764268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1109292                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1109292                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    359873560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    359873560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    359873560                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    359873560                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 96286.706388                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96286.706388                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 79235.142857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79235.142857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 96222.877005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96222.877005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 96222.877005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96222.877005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              509.958093                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1002527033                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1939123.854932                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    27.958093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.044805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1202882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1202882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1202882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1202882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1202882                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1202882                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8086147                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8086147                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8086147                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8086147                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8086147                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8086147                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1202927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1202927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1202927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1202927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1202927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1202927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 179692.155556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179692.155556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 179692.155556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 179692.155556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 179692.155556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 179692.155556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6323409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6323409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6323409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6323409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6323409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6323409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 180668.828571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180668.828571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 180668.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180668.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 180668.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180668.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 5619                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              158552923                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 5875                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             26987.731574                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   226.927121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    29.072879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.886434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.113566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       847209                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        847209                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       714311                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       714311                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1721                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1721                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1642                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1642                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1561520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1561520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1561520                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1561520                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19281                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19281                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          490                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          490                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        19771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19771                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        19771                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2395998944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2395998944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     63080891                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     63080891                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2459079835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2459079835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2459079835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2459079835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       866490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       866490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       714801                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       714801                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1721                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1721                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1642                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1642                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1581291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1581291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1581291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1581291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.022252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000686                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000686                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 124267.358747                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124267.358747                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 128736.512245                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128736.512245                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 124378.121238                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124378.121238                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 124378.121238                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124378.121238                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2003                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            2003                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        13680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          472                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          472                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        14152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        14152                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14152                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5619                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5619                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    555860157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    555860157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1612905                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1612905                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    557473062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    557473062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    557473062                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    557473062                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006464                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006464                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 99243.020354                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99243.020354                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 89605.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89605.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 99212.148425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99212.148425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 99212.148425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99212.148425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              510.938213                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1002525838                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1939121.543520                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    28.938213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.046375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1201687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1201687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1201687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1201687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1201687                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1201687                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7379127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7379127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7379127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7379127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7379127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7379127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1201730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1201730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1201730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1201730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1201730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1201730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 171607.604651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171607.604651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 171607.604651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171607.604651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 171607.604651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171607.604651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6082560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6082560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6082560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6082560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6082560                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6082560                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 173787.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173787.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 173787.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173787.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 173787.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173787.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 5623                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              158552164                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 5879                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             26969.240347                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   227.375855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    28.624145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.888187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.111813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       846290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        846290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       714508                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       714508                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1685                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1685                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1641                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1641                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1560798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1560798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1560798                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1560798                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19379                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19379                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          489                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          489                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        19868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        19868                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        19868                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2428932830                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2428932830                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     58484772                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     58484772                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2487417602                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2487417602                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2487417602                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2487417602                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       865669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       865669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       714997                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       714997                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1685                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1685                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1641                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1641                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1580666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1580666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1580666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1580666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.022386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000684                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000684                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 125338.398782                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125338.398782                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 119600.760736                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119600.760736                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 125197.181498                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125197.181498                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 125197.181498                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125197.181498                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1942                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            1942                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        13774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          471                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          471                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        14245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        14245                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14245                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    563482966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    563482966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1571182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1571182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    565054148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    565054148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    565054148                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    565054148                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006475                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006475                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 100532.197324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100532.197324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 87287.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87287.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 100489.800462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100489.800462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 100489.800462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100489.800462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              510.549431                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1002526480                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1939122.785300                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    28.549431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.045752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1202329                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1202329                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1202329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1202329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1202329                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1202329                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7419946                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7419946                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7419946                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7419946                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7419946                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7419946                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1202372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1202372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1202372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1202372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1202372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1202372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 172556.883721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172556.883721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 172556.883721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172556.883721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 172556.883721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172556.883721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6073062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6073062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6073062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6073062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6073062                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6073062                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 173516.057143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173516.057143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 173516.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173516.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 173516.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173516.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 5625                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              158555070                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 5881                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             26960.562829                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   226.929689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    29.070311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.886444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.113556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       848453                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        848453                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       715253                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       715253                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1681                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1681                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1643                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1643                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1563706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1563706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1563706                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1563706                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19273                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19273                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          489                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          489                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19762                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        19762                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19762                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        19762                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2400995061                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2400995061                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     57384946                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     57384946                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2458380007                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2458380007                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2458380007                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2458380007                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       867726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       867726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       715742                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       715742                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1681                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1681                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1643                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1643                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1583468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1583468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1583468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1583468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.022211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000683                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000683                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012480                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012480                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012480                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012480                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 124578.169512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124578.169512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 117351.627812                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117351.627812                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 124399.352646                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124399.352646                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 124399.352646                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124399.352646                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1974                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            1974                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        13666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          471                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          471                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        14137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        14137                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14137                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5625                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5625                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    557360513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    557360513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1495775                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1495775                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    558856288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    558856288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    558856288                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    558856288                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 99404.407526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99404.407526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 83098.611111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83098.611111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 99352.228978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99352.228978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 99352.228978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99352.228978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              574.104718                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1032147389                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  581                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1776501.530120                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    32.983994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   541.120725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.052859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.867181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.920040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1190624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1190624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1190624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1190624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1190624                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1190624                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8417261                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8417261                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8417261                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8417261                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8417261                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8417261                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1190673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1190673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1190673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1190673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1190673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1190673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 171780.836735                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171780.836735                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 171780.836735                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171780.836735                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 171780.836735                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171780.836735                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6687224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6687224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6687224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6687224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6687224                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6687224                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 175979.578947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175979.578947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 175979.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175979.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 175979.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175979.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 8056                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              406955132                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 8312                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             48959.953321                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   110.995611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   145.004389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.433577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.566423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      3111759                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3111759                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1703229                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1703229                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          836                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          836                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          832                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          832                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      4814988                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        4814988                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      4814988                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       4814988                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        28598                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28598                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           28                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           28                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        28626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        28626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        28626                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        28626                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3313145712                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3313145712                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      2368277                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2368277                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3315513989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3315513989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3315513989                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3315513989                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      3140357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3140357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1703257                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1703257                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          836                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          836                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          832                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          832                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      4843614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4843614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      4843614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4843614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009107                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009107                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000016                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 115852.357228                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115852.357228                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 84581.321429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84581.321429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 115821.770034                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115821.770034                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 115821.770034                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115821.770034                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1776                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            1776                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        20551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        20570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        20570                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20570                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         8047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         8056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         8056                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8056                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    857065389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    857065389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       626645                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       626645                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    857692034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    857692034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    857692034                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    857692034                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106507.442401                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106507.442401                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 69627.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69627.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106466.240566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106466.240566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106466.240566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106466.240566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              509.053345                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1001229987                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1940368.191860                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    34.053345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.054573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.815791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1221891                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1221891                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1221891                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1221891                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1221891                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1221891                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7984551                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7984551                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7984551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7984551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7984551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7984551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1221937                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1221937                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1221937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1221937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1221937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1221937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 173577.195652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173577.195652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 173577.195652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173577.195652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 173577.195652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173577.195652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6992398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6992398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6992398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6992398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6992398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6992398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 170546.292683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170546.292683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 170546.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170546.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 170546.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170546.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 4054                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              152643196                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 4310                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             35416.054756                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   220.934773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    35.065227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.863026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.136974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       839485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        839485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       705809                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       705809                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1812                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1812                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1545294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1545294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1545294                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1545294                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        12900                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12900                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        12984                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        12984                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        12984                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        12984                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1507613327                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1507613327                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      7277017                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7277017                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1514890344                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1514890344                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1514890344                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1514890344                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       852385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       852385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       705893                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       705893                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1812                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1812                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1558278                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1558278                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1558278                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1558278                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.015134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008332                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008332                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 116869.250155                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116869.250155                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 86631.154762                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86631.154762                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 116673.624769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116673.624769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 116673.624769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116673.624769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          848                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             848                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8930                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8930                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    395830286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    395830286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1093232                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1093232                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    396923518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    396923518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    396923518                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    396923518                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004738                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004738                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 98002.051498                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98002.051498                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 72882.133333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72882.133333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 97909.106561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97909.106561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 97909.106561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97909.106561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              486.670770                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1004328996                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             2041319.097561                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    31.670770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.050754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.779921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1229556                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1229556                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1229556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1229556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1229556                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1229556                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9867817                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9867817                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9867817                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9867817                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9867817                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9867817                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1229608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1229608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1229608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1229608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1229608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1229608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 189765.711538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 189765.711538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 189765.711538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 189765.711538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 189765.711538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 189765.711538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7244672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7244672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7244672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7244672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7244672                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7244672                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 195801.945946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 195801.945946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 195801.945946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 195801.945946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 195801.945946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 195801.945946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 3737                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              148945445                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 3993                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             37301.639118                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   219.366719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    36.633281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.856901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.143099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       979104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        979104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       726555                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       726555                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1940                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1940                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1765                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1765                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1705659                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1705659                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1705659                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1705659                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9539                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9539                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9607                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         9607                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9607                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         9607                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    986115754                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    986115754                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      6071700                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6071700                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    992187454                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    992187454                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    992187454                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    992187454                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       988643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       988643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       726623                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       726623                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1940                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1940                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1765                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1765                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1715266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1715266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1715266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1715266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009649                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009649                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103377.267428                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103377.267428                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 89289.705882                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89289.705882                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103277.553242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103277.553242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103277.553242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103277.553242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          859                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             859                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         5816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           54                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           54                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         5870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         5870                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5870                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3737                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3737                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    352765245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    352765245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1157728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1157728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    353922973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    353922973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    353922973                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    353922973                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 94752.953263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94752.953263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 82694.857143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82694.857143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 94707.779770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94707.779770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 94707.779770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94707.779770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              574.896838                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1032147484                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  581                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1776501.693632                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    33.776266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   541.120573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.054129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.867180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.921309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1190719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1190719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1190719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1190719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1190719                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1190719                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7333449                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7333449                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7333449                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7333449                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7333449                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7333449                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1190766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1190766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1190766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1190766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1190766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1190766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 156030.829787                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156030.829787                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 156030.829787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156030.829787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 156030.829787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156030.829787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5941169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5941169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5941169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5941169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5941169                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5941169                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 156346.552632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156346.552632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 156346.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156346.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 156346.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156346.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 8064                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              406950867                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 8320                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             48912.363822                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   111.019084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   144.980916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.433668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.566332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      3108828                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3108828                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1701834                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1701834                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          896                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          896                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          833                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          833                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      4810662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        4810662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      4810662                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       4810662                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        28529                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28529                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           28                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           28                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        28557                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        28557                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        28557                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        28557                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3307420482                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3307420482                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      2639707                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2639707                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3310060189                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3310060189                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3310060189                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3310060189                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      3137357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3137357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1701862                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1701862                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          896                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          896                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          833                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          833                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      4839219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4839219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      4839219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4839219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009093                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009093                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000016                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005901                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005901                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005901                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005901                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 115931.875705                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115931.875705                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 94275.250000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94275.250000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 115910.641489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115910.641489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 115910.641489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115910.641489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1674                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            1674                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        20474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        20493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        20493                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20493                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8064                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8064                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    861259297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    861259297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       714666                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       714666                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    861973963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    861973963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    861973963                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    861973963                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106922.321167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106922.321167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 79407.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79407.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106891.612475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106891.612475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106891.612475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106891.612475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              486.125980                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1004329086                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             2045476.753564                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    31.125980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.049881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.779048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1229646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1229646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1229646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1229646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1229646                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1229646                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8921175                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8921175                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8921175                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8921175                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8921175                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8921175                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1229694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1229694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1229694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1229694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1229694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1229694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 185857.812500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 185857.812500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 185857.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 185857.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 185857.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 185857.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6920141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6920141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6920141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6920141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6920141                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6920141                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 192226.138889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192226.138889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 192226.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192226.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 192226.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192226.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 3741                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              148943602                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 3997                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             37263.848386                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   219.378708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    36.621292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.856948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.143052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       977593                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        977593                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       726252                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       726252                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1912                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1912                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1764                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1764                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1703845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1703845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1703845                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1703845                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         9502                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9502                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           59                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           59                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         9561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         9561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         9561                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         9561                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    981211959                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    981211959                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      4554323                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4554323                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    985766282                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    985766282                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    985766282                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    985766282                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       987095                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       987095                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       726311                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       726311                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1912                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1912                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1764                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1764                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1713406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1713406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1713406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1713406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009626                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009626                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005580                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005580                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005580                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005580                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103263.729636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103263.729636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 77191.915254                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77191.915254                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103102.843008                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103102.843008                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103102.843008                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103102.843008                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          870                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             870                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         5774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           46                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           46                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         5820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         5820                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5820                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    351480888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    351480888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       926956                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       926956                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    352407844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    352407844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    352407844                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    352407844                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002183                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002183                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 94281.354077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94281.354077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 71304.307692                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71304.307692                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 94201.508688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94201.508688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 94201.508688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94201.508688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              522.935580                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1006992388                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1907182.553030                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    32.935580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.052781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.838038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1217063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1217063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1217063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1217063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1217063                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1217063                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7636666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7636666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7636666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7636666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7636666                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7636666                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1217113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1217113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1217113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1217113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1217113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1217113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 152733.320000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152733.320000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 152733.320000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 152733.320000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 152733.320000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 152733.320000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6090995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6090995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6090995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6090995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6090995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6090995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 160289.342105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160289.342105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 160289.342105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160289.342105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 160289.342105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160289.342105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 7121                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              167405008                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 7377                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             22692.830148                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   227.315841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    28.684159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.887953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.112047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       842221                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        842221                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       696976                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       696976                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1953                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1953                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1626                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1626                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1539197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1539197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1539197                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1539197                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18308                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18308                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18395                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        18395                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18395                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        18395                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2124819072                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2124819072                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      7067651                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7067651                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2131886723                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2131886723                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2131886723                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2131886723                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       860529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       860529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       697063                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       697063                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1953                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1953                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1626                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1626                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1557592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1557592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1557592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1557592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011810                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011810                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011810                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011810                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 116059.595368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116059.595368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 81237.367816                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81237.367816                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 115894.902039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115894.902039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 115894.902039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115894.902039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          893                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             893                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        11202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        11274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        11274                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11274                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         7106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         7121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         7121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    734833365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    734833365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       983376                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       983376                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    735816741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    735816741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    735816741                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    735816741                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008258                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008258                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004572                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004572                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103410.268083                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103410.268083                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 65558.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65558.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103330.535178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103330.535178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103330.535178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103330.535178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
