
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.111578                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                111578336316                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               639353712861                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 304796                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   389168                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1966683                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67761120                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 56734.28                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17292402626                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22079161291                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      1533696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      2319232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      2321664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      1105280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      2376064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      3744512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      2385408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      2322944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      4428800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      1534720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      2323456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      3729664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      1104384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      4430976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      2388480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      1105664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             39231616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           76672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     10723456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          10723456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        11982                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        18119                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        18138                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         8635                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        18563                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        29254                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        18636                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        18148                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        34600                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        11990                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        18152                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        29138                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         8628                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        34617                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        18660                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         8638                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                306497                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           83777                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                83777                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        45887                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     13745464                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        39004                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     20785684                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        39004                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     20807480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        45887                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data      9905866                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        41298                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     21295030                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        45887                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     33559489                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        41298                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     21378774                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        39004                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     20818952                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        44740                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     39692293                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        50476                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     13754641                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        39004                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     20823540                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        44740                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     33426417                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        41298                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data      9897835                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        44740                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     39711795                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        40151                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     21406306                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        44740                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data      9909307                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               351606031                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        45887                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        39004                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        39004                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        45887                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        41298                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        45887                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        41298                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        39004                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        44740                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        50476                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        39004                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        44740                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        41298                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        44740                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        40151                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        44740                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             687158                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          96106972                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               96106972                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          96106972                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        45887                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     13745464                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        39004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     20785684                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        39004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     20807480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        45887                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data      9905866                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        41298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     21295030                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        45887                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     33559489                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        41298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     21378774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        39004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     20818952                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        44740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     39692293                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        50476                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     13754641                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        39004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     20823540                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        44740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     33426417                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        41298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data      9897835                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        44740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     39711795                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        40151                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     21406306                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        44740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data      9909307                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              447713003                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 53                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              267573949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       20643114                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16889355                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2023695                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8657512                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8137889                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2136174                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92427                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    199115611                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            115386396                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          20643114                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10274063                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            24099236                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5498180                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles     10893739                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        12181497                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2024699                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    237556827                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596582                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.930984                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      213457591     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        1124303      0.47%     90.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        1784581      0.75%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        2420717      1.02%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        2489730      1.05%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        2107888      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6        1177439      0.50%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        1753075      0.74%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       11241503      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    237556827                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077149                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.431232                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      197065699                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles     12961183                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        24054613                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        27458                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3447869                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3398591                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          373                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    141611966                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1952                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3447869                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      197603790                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       1761245                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      9946608                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        23550111                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles      1247199                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    141560275                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          186                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       185867                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       534798                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    197547533                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    658513375                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    658513375                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    171545509                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       26001992                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        35603                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18735                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         3699816                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13262728                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7183621                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84606                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1735064                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        141400690                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35728                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       134420613                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18374                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15419172                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36721744                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1720                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    237556827                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565846                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258519                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    180626365     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23452753      9.87%     85.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11870587      5.00%     90.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8911865      3.75%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7012067      2.95%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2836910      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1790089      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       931789      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       124402      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    237556827                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25257     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        81844     36.62%     47.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116367     52.07%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113060606     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2001326      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16862      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12180950      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7160869      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    134420613                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.502368                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223468                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001662                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    506639894                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156856134                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132397460                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    134644081                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       273170                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2118447                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           98                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          547                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94018                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3447869                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       1458885                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121832                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141436560                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18161                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13262728                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7183621                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18740                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents       102648                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          547                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1180941                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1131761                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2312702                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132557121                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11462266                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1863491                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 142                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           18622862                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       18844329                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7160596                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.495404                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            132397682                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           132397460                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        75997231                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       204775686                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.494807                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.371124                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000006                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    123048947                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18387614                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34008                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2049200                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234108958                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525605                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372260                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183599746     78.42%     78.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25045335     10.70%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9453630      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4507237      1.93%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3814501      1.63%     96.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2181113      0.93%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1894160      0.81%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       859776      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2753460      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234108958                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000006                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    123048947                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18233884                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11144281                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             16966                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17743911                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110865559                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2533833                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2753460                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          372791370                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         286321055                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               3020344                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              30017122                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000006                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           123048947                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000006                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.675739                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.675739                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.373728                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.373728                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      596624679                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     184430740                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     131274061                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        33978                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              267573949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       18362253                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16386522                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1464055                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12279770                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11958017                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1108080                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44691                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    193842176                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            104244961                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          18362253                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     13066097                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            23244326                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       4791755                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      7880409                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        11729329                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1437111                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    228286351                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511937                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748303                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      205042025     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        3534212      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1794893      0.79%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        3498378      1.53%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1130086      0.50%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        3236813      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         513327      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         828201      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        8708416      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    228286351                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.068625                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.389593                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      192000759                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      9766479                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        23198166                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        18798                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3302148                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      1742736                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred        17293                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    116682689                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts        32646                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3302148                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      192210393                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       6302144                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      2799189                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        22990418                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       682052                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    116511476                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          224                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        91500                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       520983                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    152785542                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    528147954                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    528147954                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    123989868                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       28795660                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        15738                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7970                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         1575846                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     20947685                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      3428917                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22417                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       780506                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        115906746                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15791                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       108570203                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        70818                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20832874                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42649553                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          121                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228286351                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475588                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089414                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    180684583     79.15%     79.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15009564      6.57%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15927682      6.98%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9207661      4.03%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4775286      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1196245      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1424804      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        33109      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        27417      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228286351                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        182757     57.21%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        75139     23.52%     80.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        61570     19.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     85181384     78.46%     78.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       855755      0.79%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7769      0.01%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19125479     17.62%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3399816      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    108570203                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.405758                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            319466                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002942                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    445817041                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    136755698                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    105818263                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    108889669                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        84804                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4258297                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          116                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          294                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        77800                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3302148                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       5527255                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        81721                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    115922615                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14564                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     20947685                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3428917                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7963                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        39174                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2178                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          294                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       988230                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       564172                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      1552402                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    107187771                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18848969                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1382432                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  78                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           22248610                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       16290666                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          3399641                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.400591                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            105842595                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           105818263                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        64020893                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       139713545                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.395473                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.458230                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     84278508                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     94943344                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20983965                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15670                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1454796                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    224984203                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.422000                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289241                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    189603604     84.27%     84.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13925293      6.19%     90.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8920426      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2811431      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4653008      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       914568      0.41%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       579144      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       530662      0.24%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3046067      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    224984203                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     84278508                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     94943344                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             20040505                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            16689388                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              7818                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         14561834                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        82990236                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      1192867                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      3046067                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          337865133                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         235159366                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               4321392                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              39287598                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          84278508                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            94943344                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     84278508                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     3.174878                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               3.174878                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.314973                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.314973                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      498130512                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     137949682                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     123819260                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        15656                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              267573949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       18408004                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16427081                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1468417                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12312965                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11987525                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1111252                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44450                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194362913                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            104513384                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          18408004                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     13098777                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            23307164                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       4805693                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      7783475                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        11761083                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1441585                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    228782564                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.512183                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748682                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      205475400     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        3544923      1.55%     91.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1800592      0.79%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        3506258      1.53%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1132986      0.50%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        3246557      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         514073      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         829807      0.36%     96.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        8731968      3.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    228782564                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.068796                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.390596                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      192520678                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      9670367                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        23260928                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        18900                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3311690                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      1747301                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred        17322                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    116992906                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        32722                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3311690                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      192730117                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       6231204                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      2773293                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        23053290                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       682963                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    116823094                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          221                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        91809                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       521417                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    153187758                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    529578428                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    529578428                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    124330846                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       28856886                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        15753                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7964                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         1576137                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     21006474                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      3439037                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22585                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       781488                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        116221923                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15806                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       108869346                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        71133                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20886193                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42750208                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           98                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228782564                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475864                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089637                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    181052602     79.14%     79.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15044475      6.58%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15972962      6.98%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9233727      4.04%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4790132      2.09%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1202765      0.53%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1425298      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        33199      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        27404      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228782564                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        182998     57.16%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        75386     23.55%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        61789     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     85417477     78.46%     78.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       857765      0.79%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7790      0.01%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19176328     17.61%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3409986      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    108869346                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.406876                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            320173                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002941                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    446912561                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    137124195                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    106109263                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    109189519                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        86883                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4271191                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          118                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          277                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        78798                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3311690                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       5455693                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        82017                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    116237805                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15029                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21006474                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3439037                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7960                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        39431                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2143                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          277                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       990131                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       566093                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      1556224                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    107480747                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18898201                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1388598                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  76                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           22308004                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       16333888                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          3409803                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.401686                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            106133803                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           106109263                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        64198684                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       140119967                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.396561                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.458169                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     84510239                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     95204448                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21037976                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15708                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1459147                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    225470874                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.422247                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289629                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    189996874     84.27%     84.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13958191      6.19%     90.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8945174      3.97%     94.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2820828      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4666337      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       915734      0.41%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       580625      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       531231      0.24%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3055880      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    225470874                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     84510239                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     95204448                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             20095516                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            16735277                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              7838                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         14601887                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        83218426                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      1196129                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      3055880                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          338657106                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         235799136                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               4331623                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              38791385                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          84510239                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            95204448                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     84510239                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     3.166172                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               3.166172                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.315839                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.315839                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      499497804                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     138326770                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     124141551                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        15692                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              267573949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       23183237                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19304914                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2112240                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9141254                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8500226                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2498378                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        98597                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201977387                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            127206329                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          23183237                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     10998604                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            26524571                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5861729                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles     18363845                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles          129                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           71                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        12541438                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2018947                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    250596463                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623719                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.985831                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      224071892     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        1626351      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        2057723      0.82%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        3272309      1.31%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        1367017      0.55%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        1761791      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6        2055532      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         937926      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       13445922      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    250596463                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.086642                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.475406                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      200795163                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles     19660263                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        26398781                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        12302                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3729947                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3525380                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          513                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    155461406                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         2863                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3729947                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      200997751                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        645673                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles     18451814                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        26208696                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       562576                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    154502918                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          145                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        81575                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       392252                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    215835798                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    718555022                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    718555022                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    180777082                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       35058716                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        38141                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20213                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         1978945                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     14447278                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      7561433                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84202                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1710789                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        150862459                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        38270                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       144813712                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       142111                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18187334                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36885955                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2112                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    250596463                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577876                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301925                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    189218490     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     28012220     11.18%     86.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11440421      4.57%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6404684      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8692257      3.47%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2669359      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2632904      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1415673      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110455      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    250596463                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        997853     79.19%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       133121     10.56%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129088     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    122004706     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1980340      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17927      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13272715      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7538024      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    144813712                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.541210                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1260062                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008701                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    541626060                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169088748                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    141046801                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    146073774                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       106790                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2697495                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           29                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          687                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        95061                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3729947                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        491794                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62281                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150900735                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       117023                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14447278                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7561433                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20214                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54476                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           67                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          687                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1257398                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1175561                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2432959                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    142290717                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13055254                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2522995                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           20592820                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       20123560                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          7537566                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.531781                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            141047085                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           141046801                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        84509992                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       227032946                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.527132                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.372237                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105172573                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    129597532                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21303820                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        36158                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      2130269                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    246866516                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524970                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343592                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    192010505     77.78%     77.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27799341     11.26%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10095035      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5030526      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4600286      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1934576      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1908509      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       910439      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2577299      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    246866516                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    105172573                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    129597532                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             19216155                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            11749783                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             18038                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         18785192                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       116679742                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2676220                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2577299                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          395189841                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         305532665                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               3063188                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              16977486                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         105172573                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           129597532                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    105172573                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.544142                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.544142                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.393060                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.393060                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      640283091                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     197107551                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     143808401                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        36128                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              267573944                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       19639702                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16104537                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1925230                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8184460                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7671293                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2016127                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        86575                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    187557748                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            111616513                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          19639702                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      9687420                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            24553356                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5466371                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles     17673866                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        11557153                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1914435                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    233291768                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584979                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921788                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      208738412     89.48%     89.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        2663463      1.14%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        3079492      1.32%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        1692861      0.73%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        1944642      0.83%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        1078297      0.46%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         728367      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1900484      0.81%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       11465750      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    233291768                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.073399                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.417143                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      186020674                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles     19239583                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        24349132                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles       193546                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3488832                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3188888                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred        17967                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    136250966                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        89418                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3488832                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      186318218                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       6348107                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles     12053749                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        24252571                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       830282                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    136165994                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          212                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       214509                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       383087                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents           30                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    189215627                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    633940657                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    633940657                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    161623454                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       27592173                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        35920                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20140                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         2216883                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     13013248                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      7083841                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       185864                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1567331                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        135942976                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35991                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       128511014                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       183320                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16941640                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39088089                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4247                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233291768                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550860                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243552                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    179134326     76.79%     76.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21789799      9.34%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11707236      5.02%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8093970      3.47%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7079278      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3622194      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       879113      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       564743      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       421109      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233291768                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         33807     12.22%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       118202     42.74%     54.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       124557     45.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107564433     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2007373      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15740      0.01%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11891727      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7031741      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    128511014                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.480282                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            276566                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002152                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    490773682                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    152921841                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126365649                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    128787580                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       324510                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2303602                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          798                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1237                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       154290                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7868                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4476                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3488832                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       5885620                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       143875                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    135979089                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        69720                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13013248                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7083841                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20134                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       100139                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1237                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1116074                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1080512                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2196586                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126610818                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11168461                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1900196                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 122                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           18198667                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       17718343                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          7030206                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.473181                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            126367667                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           126365649                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        75105778                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       196683198                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.472264                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381862                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     94910566                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    116443556                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19536966                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31744                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      1936371                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229802936                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506710                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323128                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    182230005     79.30%     79.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22061649      9.60%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9245427      4.02%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5559864      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3842247      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2484984      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1288098      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1036331      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2054331      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229802936                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     94910566                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    116443556                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             17639197                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            10709646                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             15838                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         16664940                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       104978658                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2369033                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2054331                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          363728490                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         275449946                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               2876289                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              34282176                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          94910566                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           116443556                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     94910566                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.819222                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.819222                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.354708                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.354708                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      571123008                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     175374599                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     127167618                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        31714                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 47                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              267573949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       18878681                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15440859                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1842882                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7799958                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7445458                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1940818                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        81647                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    183180181                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            107142010                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          18878681                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      9386276                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            22450690                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5364732                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      8353303                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        11265064                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1855078                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    217465351                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601938                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946969                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      195014661     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        1220498      0.56%     90.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1921517      0.88%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        3061926      1.41%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1269162      0.58%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        1410711      0.65%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6        1514186      0.70%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         985586      0.45%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       11067104      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    217465351                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.070555                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.400420                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      181443937                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles     10103281                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        22381044                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        56380                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3480705                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3093686                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          453                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    130818985                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         2878                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3480705                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      181722994                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       1986450                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      7295441                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        22163508                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       816249                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    130733772                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents        32469                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       223239                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       302614                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents        55739                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    181490996                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    608171360                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    608171360                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    154872980                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       26617979                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        33690                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18712                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         2411760                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     12452781                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      6699411                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads       202100                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1525797                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        130549209                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33788                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       123550307                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       155571                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16537513                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36909825                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3585                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    217465351                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.568138                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261284                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    165344232     76.03%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20937574      9.63%     85.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11434207      5.26%     90.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7799230      3.59%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7288488      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2092634      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1633520      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       555341      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       380125      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    217465351                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         28760     12.66%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        86969     38.28%     50.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       111463     49.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    103496367     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1955259      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14974      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11419271      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6664436      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    123550307                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.461743                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            227192                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001839                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    464948725                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    147121851                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    121570495                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    123777499                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       373513                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2231053                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          349                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1371                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       201459                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7696                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           29                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3480705                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       1235510                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       110339                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    130583142                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        54246                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12452781                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6699411                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18703                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        81035                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1371                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1077192                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1052740                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2129932                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    121796345                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10739433                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1753959                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 145                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           17402213                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       17140464                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          6662780                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.455188                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            121571312                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           121570495                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        71076844                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       185693519                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.454344                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.382764                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     90971651                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    111508059                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19075465                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30203                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1882200                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    213984646                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521103                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373408                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    168725565     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21917353     10.24%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8530743      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4598666      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3440980      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1922203      0.90%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1186790      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1061221      0.50%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2601125      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    213984646                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     90971651                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    111508059                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             16719680                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            10221728                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             15068                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         16006500                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       100477080                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2265239                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2601125                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          341966434                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         264647985                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               2968081                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              50108598                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          90971651                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           111508059                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     90971651                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.941289                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.941289                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.339987                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.339987                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      549233474                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     168510742                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     122032070                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        30176                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              267573949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       19612994                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16081985                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1920601                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8075917                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7654785                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2012771                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        86377                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    187231233                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            111535517                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          19612994                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      9667556                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            24524200                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5468106                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles     17759428                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        11537823                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1910082                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    233028490                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585153                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.922270                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      208504290     89.48%     89.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        2660095      1.14%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        3073334      1.32%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        1688834      0.72%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1939987      0.83%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1068196      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         732014      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        1902890      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       11458850      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    233028490                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.073299                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.416840                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      185695412                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles     19323830                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        24320087                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles       193476                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3495684                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3185397                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred        17945                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    136139212                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts        88937                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3495684                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      185992678                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       6227316                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles     12261858                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        24224112                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       826833                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    136057370                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          210                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       211776                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       382213                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents           91                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    189068600                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    633482060                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    633482060                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    161363300                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       27705300                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        35634                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19886                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         2211404                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     12987575                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      7077882                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       185807                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1570966                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        135836393                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35715                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       128342525                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       182612                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17034652                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39414017                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4023                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233028490                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550759                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243546                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    178956030     76.80%     76.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21745050      9.33%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11682537      5.01%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8093954      3.47%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7071059      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3617558      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       878487      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       562929      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       420886      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233028490                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         33671     12.20%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead       118062     42.78%     54.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       124221     45.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107419666     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2008335      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15715      0.01%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11872173      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7026636      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    128342525                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.479653                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            275954                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002150                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    490172106                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    152907984                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126204288                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    128618479                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       322678                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2295151                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          825                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1227                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       159457                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7857                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4054                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3495684                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       5777546                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       141813                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    135872234                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        69788                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12987575                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7077882                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19888                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        99533                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1227                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1113000                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1078672                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2191672                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126448420                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11147269                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1894105                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 126                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           18172359                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       17687927                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          7025090                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.472574                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            126206158                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           126204288                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        75005497                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       196458565                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.471661                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.381788                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     94757794                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    116256161                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19617394                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31692                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1931730                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229532806                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506490                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322928                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    182038647     79.31%     79.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22023663      9.59%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9232774      4.02%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5547743      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3836234      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2481303      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1286316      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1034634      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2051492      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229532806                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     94757794                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    116256161                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             17610849                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            10692424                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             15812                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         16638093                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       104809758                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2365232                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2051492                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          363354232                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         275242860                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               2869642                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              34545459                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          94757794                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           116256161                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     94757794                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.823767                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.823767                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.354137                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.354137                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      570385156                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     175148279                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     127065071                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        31662                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              267573949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       18413302                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16431197                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1467663                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12332539                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11992250                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1111734                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44787                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194414840                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            104540714                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          18413302                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     13103984                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            23312033                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       4803400                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      7805601                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        11762895                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1440644                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    228859915                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.512121                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748550                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      205547882     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        3544313      1.55%     91.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        1800134      0.79%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        3508426      1.53%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1134526      0.50%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        3247162      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         514327      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         830940      0.36%     96.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        8732205      3.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    228859915                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.068816                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.390698                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      192571150                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      9693965                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        23265969                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        18733                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3310097                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      1748041                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred        17344                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    117018569                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts        32748                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3310097                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      192780939                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       6226660                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      2801907                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        23057981                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       682324                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    116848527                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          211                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        91191                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       521464                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    153223484                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    529688490                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    529688490                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    124372048                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       28851433                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        15795                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8004                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         1573995                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     21007447                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      3440746                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22699                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       783098                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        116246515                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15853                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       108892875                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        70651                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20878923                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42750640                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          134                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228859915                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475806                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089582                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    181118077     79.14%     79.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15048686      6.58%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15978685      6.98%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9235536      4.04%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4791120      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1199434      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1427656      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        33143      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        27578      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228859915                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        183029     57.19%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        75279     23.52%     80.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        61739     19.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     85433344     78.46%     78.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       858374      0.79%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7793      0.01%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19182258     17.62%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3411106      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    108892875                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.406964                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            320047                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002939                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    447036363                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    137141575                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    106137008                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    109212922                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        86692                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4266355                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          130                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          291                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        79451                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3310097                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       5450328                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        81823                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    116262453                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15006                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21007447                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3440746                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8000                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        39169                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2160                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          291                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       990862                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       564727                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      1555589                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    107508777                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18905192                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1384098                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  85                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           22316108                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       16340295                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          3410916                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.401791                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            106161805                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           106137008                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        64212731                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       140129461                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.396664                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.458239                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     84538643                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     95236091                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21031006                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15719                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      1458395                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    225549818                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.422240                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289653                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    190064732     84.27%     84.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13962881      6.19%     90.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8948225      3.97%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2820925      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4667201      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       916256      0.41%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       580525      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       531833      0.24%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3057240      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    225549818                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     84538643                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     95236091                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             20102385                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            16741090                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              7842                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         14606726                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        83246027                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      1196493                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      3057240                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          338759363                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         235846950                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               4333481                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              38714034                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          84538643                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            95236091                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     84538643                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     3.165108                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               3.165108                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.315945                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.315945                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      499626710                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     138360295                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     124176318                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        15706                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              267573949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       18057639                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16296113                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       945481                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6821030                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6464051                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         993566                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        41767                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191556724                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            113460333                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          18057639                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      7457617                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            22448375                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       2985755                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles     26936948                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1214                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           42                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        10988703                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       949457                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    242959974                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.547940                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847989                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      220511599     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         799561      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        1644564      0.68%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         702112      0.29%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        3726636      1.53%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        3316653      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         642984      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1342185      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       10273680      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    242959974                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.067487                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.424034                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      189578218                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles     28928318                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        22365461                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        71792                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      2016180                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      1583263                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          493                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    133065893                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         2784                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      2016180                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      189831383                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles      26918808                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      1147377                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        22214483                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       831736                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    132990802                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          409                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       423110                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       275251                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents         8954                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    156099109                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    626299165                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    626299165                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    138418902                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       17680201                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        15423                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7784                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         1928903                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     31379562                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores     15874942                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       145301                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       766758                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        132734593                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15468                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       127575882                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        82074                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10320120                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     24784835                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           76                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    242959974                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525090                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315688                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197145784     81.14%     81.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13994357      5.76%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11306602      4.65%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4891485      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6118229      2.52%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5788161      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3289623      1.35%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       263457      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       162276      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    242959974                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        320725     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2450226     86.20%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        71619      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     80023324     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1113875      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7636      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     30604897     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15826150     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    127575882                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.476787                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2842570                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022281                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    501036382                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    143073501                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126475730                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    130418452                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       228989                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1229225                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          487                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3326                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       110313                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11232                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      2016180                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles      26279031                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       249356                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132750146                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1359                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     31379562                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15874942                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7784                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents       154816                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          121                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3326                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       552336                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       557536                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      1109872                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126687743                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     30496606                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       888139                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  85                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           46321258                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       16596155                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores         15824652                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.473468                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            126479150                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           126475730                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        68314826                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       134839831                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.472676                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.506637                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102740836                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    120737314                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12027090                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15392                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       966192                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240943794                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501102                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319569                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    196990458     81.76%     81.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16175096      6.71%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7533513      3.13%     91.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7411354      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2051863      0.85%     95.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8479577      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       644263      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       471145      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1186525      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240943794                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    102740836                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    120737314                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             45914958                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            30150334                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              7684                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         15944362                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       107364192                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      1169512                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      1186525                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          372521361                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         267545167                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               4110595                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              24613975                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         102740836                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           120737314                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    102740836                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.604358                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.604358                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.383972                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.383972                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      626263031                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     146864667                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     158406291                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        15368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 53                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              267573949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       20666726                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16909478                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2017122                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8456774                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8124987                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2135566                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92010                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    199009430                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            115617742                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          20666726                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     10260553                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            24122365                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5511844                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles     10843488                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles          457                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        12173773                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2018566                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    237444238                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597904                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933368                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      213321873     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        1119649      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        1782302      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        2420204      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        2488878      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        2105332      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6        1176715      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1752863      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       11276422      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    237444238                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.077237                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.432096                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      196959091                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles     12911946                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        24077528                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        27570                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3468098                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3402383                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          373                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    141858079                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1951                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3468098                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      197495405                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       1829619                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      9829230                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        23574786                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles      1247095                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    141809768                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          193                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       185719                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       534784                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    197892126                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    659718413                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    659718413                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    171585439                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       26306686                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        35191                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18321                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         3699092                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     13263447                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      7194695                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84629                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1736884                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        141650094                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35315                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       134527988                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18524                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15641122                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37450724                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1299                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    237444238                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566567                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259392                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    180504495     76.02%     76.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23432478      9.87%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11854409      4.99%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8939020      3.76%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7027747      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2839647      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1789899      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       931329      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       125214      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    237444238                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25166     11.26%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        81820     36.61%     47.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116518     52.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113144379     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2010132      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16866      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12184367      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7172244      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    134527988                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.502769                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223504                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001661                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    506742242                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    157327080                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132514065                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    134751492                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       277162                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2116569                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           81                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          552                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       103422                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3468098                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       1525321                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       122322                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141685551                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7505                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13263447                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7194695                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18325                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103219                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          552                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1173551                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1134319                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2307870                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132673731                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11466197                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1854257                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                 142                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           18638165                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       18852549                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          7171968                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.495839                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            132514288                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           132514065                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        76062276                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       204959338                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.495243                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.371109                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100023275                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    123077589                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18607970                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34016                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      2042631                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    233976140                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526026                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372908                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183465347     78.41%     78.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25041987     10.70%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9454086      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4510937      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3810013      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2179567      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1898288      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       860316      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2755599      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    233976140                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts    100023275                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    123077589                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             18238151                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            11146878                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             16970                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         17748024                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       110891387                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2534427                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2755599                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          372905411                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         286839276                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               3014289                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              30129711                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts         100023275                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           123077589                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total    100023275                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.675117                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.675117                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.373815                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.373815                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      597130098                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     184588219                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     131520130                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        33986                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              267573949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       18421084                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16439249                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1469579                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12323343                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11997964                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1111842                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44845                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194515660                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            104588365                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          18421084                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     13109806                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            23322626                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       4808511                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      7743820                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        11769872                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1442618                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    228912752                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.512229                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748709                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      205590126     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        3546035      1.55%     91.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1800707      0.79%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        3510084      1.53%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1135128      0.50%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        3249280      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         514875      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         830213      0.36%     96.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        8736304      3.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    228912752                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.068845                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.390876                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      192671386                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      9632822                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        23276297                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        18929                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3313317                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      1747798                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred        17330                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    117069860                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts        32780                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3313317                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      192881570                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       6177218                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      2789197                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        23068140                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       683303                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    116899278                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          222                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        91727                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       521796                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    153288369                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    529914342                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    529914342                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    124409269                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       28879074                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        15779                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7986                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         1577188                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     21019749                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      3440612                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22431                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       782164                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        116293901                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15834                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       108936616                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        70374                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20898040                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42771883                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          117                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228912752                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475887                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089653                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    181151873     79.14%     79.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15055394      6.58%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15983422      6.98%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9239826      4.04%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4792349      2.09%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1201861      0.53%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1427362      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        33293      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        27372      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228912752                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        183012     57.17%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        75347     23.54%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        61785     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     85468814     78.46%     78.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       858416      0.79%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7794      0.01%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19190156     17.62%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3411436      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    108936616                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.407127                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            320144                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002939                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    447176500                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    137208053                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    106175414                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    109256760                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        86300                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4272255                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           90                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          284                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        78630                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3313317                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       5401787                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        81941                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    116309820                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14864                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21019749                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3440612                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7983                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        39285                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2207                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          284                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       992131                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       565776                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      1557907                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    107548309                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18912668                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1388305                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  85                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           22323923                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       16345201                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          3411255                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.401939                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            106200081                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           106175414                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        64237506                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       140189522                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.396808                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.458219                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     84565879                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     95265595                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21048908                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15717                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1460318                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    225599435                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.422278                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289672                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    190103008     84.27%     84.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13966919      6.19%     90.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8951213      3.97%     94.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2821355      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4669847      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       916600      0.41%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       581026      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       532095      0.24%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3057372      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    225599435                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     84565879                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     95265595                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             20109470                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            16747488                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              7842                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         14611388                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        83271439                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      1196754                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      3057372                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          338856254                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         235944933                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               4336125                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              38661197                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          84565879                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            95265595                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     84565879                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     3.164089                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               3.164089                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.316047                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.316047                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      499812757                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     138409524                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     124230266                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        15702                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 47                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              267573610                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       18836161                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15405113                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1839106                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7775013                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7427389                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1935524                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        81404                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    182741274                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            106905800                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          18836161                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      9362913                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            22402846                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       5357119                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      8322146                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        11239138                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1851192                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    216943616                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.602072                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.947174                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      194540770     89.67%     89.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        1218820      0.56%     90.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1919516      0.88%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        3052598      1.41%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1265843      0.58%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        1411265      0.65%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6        1508205      0.70%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         981627      0.45%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       11044972      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    216943616                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.070396                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.399538                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      181009495                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles     10067582                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        22333010                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        56650                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3476875                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      3087567                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          456                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    130535256                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         2933                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3476875                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      181288005                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       2003007                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      7228058                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        22116056                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       831611                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    130448420                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents        37860                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       223162                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       301755                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents        72312                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    181086187                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    606844224                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    606844224                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    154488078                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       26597904                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        33627                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18685                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         2409285                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     12430446                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      6683772                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads       201799                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      1523406                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        130261019                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33731                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       123266015                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       155430                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16518931                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36892496                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3603                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    216943616                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.568194                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261318                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    164944798     76.03%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20883949      9.63%     85.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11411162      5.26%     90.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7780521      3.59%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7271224      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2089713      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1629659      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       553956      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       378634      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    216943616                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         28620     12.54%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88272     38.68%     51.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       111299     48.77%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    103257435     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1951248      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14936      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11393534      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6648862      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    123266015                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.460681                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            228191                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001851                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    463859267                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    146815017                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    121289484                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    123494206                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       374747                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2234096                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          342                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1368                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       201998                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7676                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3476875                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       1236586                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       109981                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    130294888                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        54617                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12430446                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6683772                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18681                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        80842                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           23                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1368                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1073810                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1052192                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2126002                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    121515688                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10715977                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1750327                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                 138                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           17363150                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       17102136                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          6647173                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.454139                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            121290282                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           121289484                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        70916972                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       185275702                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.453294                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.382765                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     90745581                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    111230921                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19064215                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30128                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1878427                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    213466741                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521069                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373354                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    168317745     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21866270     10.24%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8510555      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4584348      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3433656      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1916134      0.90%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1185555      0.56%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1057951      0.50%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2594527      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    213466741                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     90745581                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    111230921                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             16678099                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            10196332                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             15030                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         15966719                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       100227362                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      2259612                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      2594527                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          341166739                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         264067548                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               2961134                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              50629994                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          90745581                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           111230921                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     90745581                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.948613                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.948613                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.339142                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.339142                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      547963092                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     168114162                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     121762102                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        30102                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              267573949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       23168662                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19292896                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2109538                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9138852                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8495003                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2496464                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        98429                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201830169                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            127130140                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          23168662                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     10991467                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            26508539                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5855414                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles     18533136                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2856                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           81                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        12531152                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2016266                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    250601625                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623334                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.985313                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      224093086     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1625137      0.65%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        2057806      0.82%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        3271407      1.31%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1365016      0.54%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        1758843      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        2053866      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         935671      0.37%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       13440793      5.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    250601625                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.086588                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.475122                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      200651845                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles     19828215                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        26382796                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        12431                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3726331                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3523010                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          513                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    155369248                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         2858                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3726331                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      200853920                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        644666                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles     18621475                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        26193405                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       561822                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    154413053                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          147                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        81567                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       391832                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    215711105                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    718139134                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    718139134                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    180683547                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       35027558                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        38128                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20209                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         1976678                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     14439755                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      7557532                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        85380                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1705778                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        150779304                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        38262                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       144731930                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       142878                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18174404                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36871269                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2120                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    250601625                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577538                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301664                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    189265563     75.52%     75.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27987515     11.17%     86.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11431864      4.56%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6403656      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8687739      3.47%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2668098      1.06%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2632163      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1414921      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110106      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    250601625                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        998249     79.21%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead       133031     10.56%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129055     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121935685     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1979566      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17918      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13264978      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7533783      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    144731930                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.540904                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1260335                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008708                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    541468698                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168992660                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    140970217                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    145992265                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       107464                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2696082                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           42                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          692                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        95026                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3726331                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        491311                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62465                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150817572                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       116171                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14439755                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7557532                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20210                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54553                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           66                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          692                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1256049                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1174701                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2430750                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    142213165                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13047709                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2518765                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           20581062                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       20112288                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          7533353                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.531491                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            140970519                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           140970217                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        84466665                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       226916818                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.526846                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.372236                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105118137                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    129530357                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21287821                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        36142                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      2127562                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    246875294                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524679                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343326                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    192051625     77.79%     77.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27781787     11.25%     89.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10088548      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5026045      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4599342      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1933955      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1908184      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       909372      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2576436      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    246875294                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts    105118137                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    129530357                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             19206179                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            11743673                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             18030                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         18775411                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       116619266                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2674816                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2576436                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          395116308                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         305362703                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               3060119                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              16972324                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts         105118137                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           129530357                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total    105118137                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.545459                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.545459                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.392856                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.392856                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      639937071                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     197000780                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     143722868                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        36112                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              267573949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       18083483                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16318330                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       945706                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6819419                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6470825                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         997295                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        41870                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191836589                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            113632964                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          18083483                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      7468120                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            22478480                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       2983633                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles     26820949                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2758                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           50                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        11003703                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       949742                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    243153099                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548250                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848401                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      220674619     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         801321      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1642100      0.68%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         701387      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        3734088      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        3327315      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         643138      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1345875      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       10283256      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    243153099                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.067583                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.424679                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      189876889                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles     28795327                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        22394901                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        72194                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      2013783                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      1586554                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          491                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    133245563                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2773                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      2013783                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      190128487                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles      26774998                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      1167729                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        22245805                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       822290                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    133171673                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          506                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       418113                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       273085                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents         7060                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    156327684                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    627171514                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    627171514                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    138644298                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       17683381                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        15460                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7808                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         1917282                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     31421535                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores     15894277                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       145770                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       769674                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        132914502                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15508                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       127749800                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        77217                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10302975                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     24752847                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           88                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    243153099                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525388                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316028                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197281743     81.13%     81.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14002576      5.76%     86.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11329332      4.66%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4899016      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6119108      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5800226      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3296016      1.36%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       262802      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       162280      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    243153099                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        321190     11.27%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2455949     86.21%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        71727      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     80133804     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1115832      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7649      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     30640585     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15851930     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    127749800                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.477437                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2848866                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022300                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    501578782                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    143236275                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126657709                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    130598666                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       229961                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1221835                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          487                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3300                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       103832                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11259                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      2013783                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles      26143093                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       250259                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132930099                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1312                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     31421535                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15894277                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7810                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents       155403                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          113                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3300                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       552352                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       557918                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      1110270                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126862636                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     30539114                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       887164                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  89                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           46389476                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       16624165                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores         15850362                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.474122                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            126661178                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           126657709                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        68420497                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       135056572                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.473356                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.506606                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102908499                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    120934153                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12011052                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15420                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       966485                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    241139316                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501512                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320036                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    197117091     81.74%     81.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16197538      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7545812      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7424479      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2052952      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8496601      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       645241      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       471521      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1188081      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    241139316                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    102908499                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    120934153                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             45990142                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            30199697                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              7698                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         15970304                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       107539212                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      1171388                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      1188081                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          372896128                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         267904369                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               4117889                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              24420850                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         102908499                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           120934153                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    102908499                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.600115                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.600115                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.384598                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.384598                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      627155579                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     147077475                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     158652418                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        15396                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              267573949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       19633575                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16100162                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1920802                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8050922                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7659326                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2012818                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        85864                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    187349893                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            111645882                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          19633575                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      9672144                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            24548613                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5474028                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles     17548068                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        11545152                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1911103                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    232965393                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585937                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923508                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      208416780     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        2660711      1.14%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        3079412      1.32%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        1689885      0.73%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1941406      0.83%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        1069786      0.46%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         728988      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        1902047      0.82%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       11476378      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    232965393                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.073376                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.417252                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      185811967                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles     19114836                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        24343613                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles       194115                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3500861                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3187741                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred        17959                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    136283711                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts        89380                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3500861                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      186110916                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       6233093                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles     12046391                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        24246161                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       827962                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    136198797                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          192                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       209604                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       384494                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    189262067                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    634138204                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    634138204                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    161473382                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       27788625                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        35538                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19801                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         2224865                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     13005748                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      7083451                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       185866                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1575326                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        135965386                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35610                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       128437659                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       181839                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17088461                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39593725                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3897                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    232965393                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551316                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244025                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    178856892     76.77%     76.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21751325      9.34%     86.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11693936      5.02%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8103840      3.48%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7078695      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3617530      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       878837      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       563214      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       421124      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    232965393                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         33467     12.10%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead       118885     42.98%     55.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       124285     44.93%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107500623     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2008952      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15725      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11880523      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7031836      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    128437659                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.480008                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            276637                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002154                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    490299186                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153090685                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126293986                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    128714296                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       321699                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2305954                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          808                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1232                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       160263                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7866                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4655                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3500861                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       5760023                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       141911                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    136001122                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        72451                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13005748                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7083451                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19770                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents       100199                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1232                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1111226                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1080761                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2191987                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126538760                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11154602                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1898898                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 126                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           18184626                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       17701410                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          7030024                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.472911                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            126295802                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           126293986                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        75062425                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       196628928                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.471997                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.381747                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     94822552                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    116335673                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19666761                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31712                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1931843                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229464531                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506988                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323504                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    181937688     79.29%     79.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22040407      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9238892      4.03%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5548824      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3841167      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2480408      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1288428      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1036002      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2052715      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229464531                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     94822552                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    116335673                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             17622960                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            10699781                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             15822                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         16649494                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       104881444                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2366859                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2052715                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          363413613                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         275505859                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               2871092                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              34608556                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          94822552                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           116335673                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     94822552                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.821839                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.821839                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.354379                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.354379                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      570776090                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     175276942                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     127185386                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        31682                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              267573949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       23195732                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19316168                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2113149                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9143063                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8505245                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2498763                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        98700                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    202073969                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            127275667                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          23195732                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     11004008                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            26539630                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5864313                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles     18211972                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2856                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           81                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        12547668                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2019974                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    250560629                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624136                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986436                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      224020999     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1627237      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        2061420      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        3273880      1.31%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1368081      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1760943      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        2056232      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         936882      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       13454955      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    250560629                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.086689                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.475665                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      200893225                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles     19509559                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        26413919                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        12313                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3731606                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3526491                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          515                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    155544405                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2519                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3731606                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      201095919                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        646104                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles     18300426                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        26223820                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       562748                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    154584620                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          161                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        81287                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       392835                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    215955647                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    718930203                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    718930203                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    180879708                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       35075939                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        38125                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20186                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         1982815                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     14454960                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      7564567                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84348                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1707154                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        150942026                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        38256                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       144887437                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       142652                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18201652                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36902639                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2074                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    250560629                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578253                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302305                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    189153790     75.49%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     28025293     11.19%     86.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11444306      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6408482      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8695770      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2670022      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2636425      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1415982      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110559      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    250560629                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        999164     79.21%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead       133072     10.55%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129225     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    122069657     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1981477      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17938      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13277449      9.16%     94.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7540916      5.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    144887437                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.541486                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1261461                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008706                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    541739616                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169182623                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    141121332                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    146148898                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       106939                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2698553                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           52                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          690                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        93967                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            2                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3731606                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        492397                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62291                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150980289                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       116951                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14454960                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7564567                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20186                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54551                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           60                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          690                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1258498                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1176334                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2434832                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    142364271                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13060634                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2523166                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           20601101                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       20134422                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          7540467                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.532056                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            141121617                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           141121332                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        84558189                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       227159016                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.527411                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372242                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105232260                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    129670953                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21309897                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        36182                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      2131191                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    246829023                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525347                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344018                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191943031     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27814768     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10098996      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5034328      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4602415      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1936079      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1909690      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       910714      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2579002      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    246829023                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts    105232260                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    129670953                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             19227007                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            11756407                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             18050                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         18795772                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       116745878                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2677725                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2579002                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          395230143                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         305693324                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               3065959                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              17013320                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts         105232260                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           129670953                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total    105232260                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.542699                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.542699                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.393283                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.393283                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      640615489                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     197215788                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     143885468                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        36152                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                        12026                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.439141                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         193492                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                        14074                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        13.748188                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.917639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     5.046592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1518.463864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         497.011046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.002464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.741437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.242681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        28737                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                 28739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9231                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                9231                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                 156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        28893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                  28895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        28893                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                 28895                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        11983                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total               12023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        11983                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                12023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        11983                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total               12023                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64317917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9969653951                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   10033971868                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64317917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9969653951                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total    10033971868                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64317917                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9969653951                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total   10033971868                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total             40762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9231                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total            9231                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total             156                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total              40918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total             40918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.294278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.294956                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.293832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.293832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1607947.925000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 831983.138696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 834564.739915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1607947.925000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 831983.138696                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 834564.739915                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1607947.925000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 831983.138696                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 834564.739915                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks               5258                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                    5258                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l200.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l200.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l200.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l200.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        11982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          12022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        11982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total           12022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        11982                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total          12022                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     60805097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8917322643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8978127740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     60805097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8917322643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8978127740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     60805097                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8917322643                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8978127740                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.294253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294932                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293807                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293807                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1520127.425000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 744226.560090                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 746808.163367                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1520127.425000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 744226.560090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 746808.163367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1520127.425000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 744226.560090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 746808.163367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                        18154                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.840005                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         158837                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                        20202                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                         7.862439                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.633878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     2.465874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1660.644600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         356.095654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.001204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.810862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.173875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        34379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 34380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6179                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                6179                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  69                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        34448                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                  34449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        34448                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                 34449                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18119                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total               18153                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                18153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18119                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total               18153                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     58645289                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  14554934486                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14613579775                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     58645289                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  14554934486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total    14613579775                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     58645289                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  14554934486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total   14613579775                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        52498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             52533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6179                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total            6179                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        52567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total              52602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        52567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total             52602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.345137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345554                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.344684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.344684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1724861.441176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 803296.787130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 805022.848840                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1724861.441176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 803296.787130                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 805022.848840                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1724861.441176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 803296.787130                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 805022.848840                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks               2416                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                    2416                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          18153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total           18153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18119                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total          18153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     55659390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  12963485505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13019144895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     55659390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  12963485505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13019144895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     55659390                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  12963485505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13019144895                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.345137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.344684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.344684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1637040.882353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 715463.629615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 717189.714923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1637040.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 715463.629615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 717189.714923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1637040.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 715463.629615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 717189.714923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                        18173                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.833079                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         158840                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                        20221                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                         7.855200                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.630229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.530390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1659.935772                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         356.736688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.001236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.810516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.174188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        34378                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 34379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6183                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                6183                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                  70                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        34448                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                  34449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        34448                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                 34449                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18138                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total               18172                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                18172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18138                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total               18172                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     51509754                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14288734195                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14340243949                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     51509754                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14288734195                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total    14340243949                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     51509754                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14288734195                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total   14340243949                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        52516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             52551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6183                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total            6183                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        52586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total              52621                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        52586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total             52621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.345380                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345797                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.344921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.344921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1514992.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 787778.927941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 789139.552553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1514992.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 787778.927941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 789139.552553                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1514992.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 787778.927941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 789139.552553                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               2418                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    2418                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          18172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total           18172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total          18172                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     48524554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  12695907682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12744432236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     48524554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  12695907682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12744432236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     48524554                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  12695907682                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12744432236                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.345380                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345797                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.344921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345337                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.344921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1427192.764706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 699961.830522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 701322.487123                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1427192.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 699961.830522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 701322.487123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1427192.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 699961.830522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 701322.487123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                         8675                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.211809                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         216279                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                        10723                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        20.169635                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.108490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     6.039219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1394.890889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         608.173211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.002949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.681099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.296960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        28206                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 28208                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8806                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                8806                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          214                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                 214                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        28420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                  28422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        28420                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                 28422                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         8635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                8675                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         8635                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                 8675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         8635                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                8675                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     93946509                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   7060256046                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7154202555                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     93946509                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   7060256046                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     7154202555                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     93946509                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   7060256046                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    7154202555                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        36841                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             36883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8806                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total            8806                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          214                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total             214                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        37055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total              37097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        37055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total             37097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.234386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235203                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.233032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233846                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.233032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233846                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2348662.725000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 817632.431500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 824691.937176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2348662.725000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 817632.431500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 824691.937176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2348662.725000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 817632.431500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 824691.937176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               4554                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    4554                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         8635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         8635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total            8675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         8635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total           8675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     90433759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   6301876339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6392310098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     90433759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   6301876339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6392310098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     90433759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   6301876339                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6392310098                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.234386                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235203                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.233032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233846                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.233032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233846                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2260843.975000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 729806.177070                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 736865.717349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2260843.975000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 729806.177070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 736865.717349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2260843.975000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 729806.177070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 736865.717349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                        18610                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.532360                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         229412                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                        20658                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        11.105238                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.075222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.617380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1652.387046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         360.452712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.001278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.806830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.176002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        34678                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                 34679                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks          18923                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total               18923                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          147                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                 147                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        34825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                  34826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        34825                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                 34826                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18557                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total               18593                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                18599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18563                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total               18599                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     80322520                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  15696934649                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15777257169                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      5865628                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      5865628                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     80322520                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  15702800277                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total    15783122797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     80322520                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  15702800277                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total   15783122797                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        53235                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total             53272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18923                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total           18923                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total             153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        53388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total              53425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        53388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total             53425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.348586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.349020                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.039216                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.039216                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.347700                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.348133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.347700                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.348133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2231181.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 845876.739182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 848558.982897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 977604.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 977604.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2231181.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 845919.316759                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 848600.612775                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2231181.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 845919.316759                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 848600.612775                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks              10096                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                   10096                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          18593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total           18599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18563                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total          18599                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     77160822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  14067451779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14144612601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      5338828                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5338828                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     77160822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  14072790607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14149951429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     77160822                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  14072790607                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14149951429                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.348586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.039216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.347700                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348133                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.347700                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348133                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2143356.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 758067.132565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 760749.346582                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 889804.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 889804.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2143356.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 758109.713247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 760790.979569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2143356.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 758109.713247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 760790.979569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                        29304                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.607726                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         164084                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                        31352                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                         5.233606                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.494285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     3.588127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1655.609032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         376.916282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.001752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.808403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.184041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        36905                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 36906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7649                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                7649                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           94                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  94                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        36999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  37000                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        36999                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 37000                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        29223                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total               29263                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           31                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                31                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        29254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                29294                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        29254                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total               29294                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     69454810                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  26830931543                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   26900386353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     30219856                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     30219856                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     69454810                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  26861151399                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total    26930606209                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     69454810                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  26861151399                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total   26930606209                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        66128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             66169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7649                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total            7649                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          125                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total             125                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        66253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total              66294                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        66253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total             66294                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.441916                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.442246                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.248000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.248000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.441550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.441880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.441550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.441880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1736370.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 918144.322725                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 919262.767078                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 974834.064516                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 974834.064516                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1736370.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 918204.395946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 919321.574691                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1736370.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 918204.395946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 919321.574691                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               4376                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    4376                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        29223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          29263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           31                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        29254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total           29294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        29254                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total          29294                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     65942810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  24264809194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24330752004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     27498056                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27498056                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     65942810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  24292307250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24358250060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     65942810                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  24292307250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24358250060                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.441916                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442246                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.248000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.441550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441880                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.441550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441880                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1648570.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 830332.587140                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 831451.047534                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 887034.064516                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 887034.064516                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1648570.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 830392.672797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 831509.867550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1648570.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 830392.672797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 831509.867550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                        18683                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.534458                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         229307                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                        20731                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        11.061068                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.052036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.674820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1652.636868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         360.170733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.001306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.806952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.175865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        34604                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 34605                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks          18892                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total               18892                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          147                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                 147                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        34751                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                  34752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        34751                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                 34752                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total               18666                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18636                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                18672                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18636                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total               18672                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     69065039                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  15977404918                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16046469957                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      4060342                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      4060342                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     69065039                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  15981465260                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total    16050530299                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     69065039                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  15981465260                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total   16050530299                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        53234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             53271                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18892                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total           18892                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total             153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        53387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total              53424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        53387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total             53424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.349964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.350397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.039216                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.039216                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.349074                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.349506                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.349074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.349506                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1918473.305556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 857617.011165                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 859663.021376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 676723.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 676723.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1918473.305556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 857558.771196                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 859604.236236                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1918473.305556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 857558.771196                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 859604.236236                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks              10103                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                   10103                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          18666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total           18672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18636                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total          18672                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     65903713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  14341081548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14406985261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      3533542                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3533542                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     65903713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  14344615090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14410518803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     65903713                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  14344615090                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14410518803                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.349964                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350397                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.039216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.349074                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.349074                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1830658.694444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 769784.302093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 771830.347209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 588923.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 588923.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1830658.694444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 769726.072655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 771771.572569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1830658.694444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 769726.072655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 771771.572569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                        18183                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.850110                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         159004                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                        20231                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                         7.859424                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.579319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     2.484164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1661.567998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         354.218629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.001213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.811312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.172958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        34452                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 34453                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6273                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                6273                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  66                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        34518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                  34519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        34518                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                 34519                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18148                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total               18182                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                18182                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18148                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total               18182                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     56381358                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  14253481757                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14309863115                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     56381358                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  14253481757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total    14309863115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     56381358                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  14253481757                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total   14309863115                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        52600                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             52635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6273                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total            6273                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        52666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total              52701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        52666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total             52701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.345019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345436                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.344587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.344587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1658275.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 785402.344997                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 787034.600979                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1658275.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 785402.344997                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 787034.600979                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1658275.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 785402.344997                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 787034.600979                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               2420                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    2420                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          18182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total           18182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total          18182                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     53395313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  12659914836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12713310149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     53395313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  12659914836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12713310149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     53395313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  12659914836                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12713310149                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.345019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345436                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.344587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.344587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1570450.382353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 697592.838660                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 699225.065944                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1570450.382353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 697592.838660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 699225.065944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1570450.382353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 697592.838660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 699225.065944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                        34639                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.937896                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         202905                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                        36687                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                         5.530706                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.564070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     1.756235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1821.010476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         221.607115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.889165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.108207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        40519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 40520                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12855                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total               12855                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        40547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                  40548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        40547                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                 40548                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        34556                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total               34595                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                44                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        34600                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                34639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        34600                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total               34639                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     74645149                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  32846544832                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   32921189981                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     67888560                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     67888560                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     74645149                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  32914433392                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total    32989078541                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     74645149                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  32914433392                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total   32989078541                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        75075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             75115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12855                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total           12855                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        75147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total              75187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        75147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total             75187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.460286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460560                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.611111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.611111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.460431                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.460431                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1913978.179487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 950530.872555                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 951616.996127                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1542921.818182                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1542921.818182                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1913978.179487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 951284.202081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 952368.097838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1913978.179487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 951284.202081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 952368.097838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               5433                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    5433                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        34556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          34595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        34600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total           34639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        34600                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total          34639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     71220949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  29812033060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29883254009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     64024754                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64024754                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     71220949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  29876057814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29947278763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     71220949                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  29876057814                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29947278763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.460286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.611111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.611111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.460431                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.460431                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460705                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1826178.179487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 862716.548790                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 863802.688510                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1455108.045455                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1455108.045455                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1826178.179487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 863469.879017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 864553.790900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1826178.179487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 863469.879017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 864553.790900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                        12038                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.442209                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         193487                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                        14086                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        13.736121                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.917381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     5.334591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1519.713536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         495.476701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.002605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.742048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.241932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        28734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 28736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9229                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                9229                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                 156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        28890                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                  28892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        28890                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                 28892                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        11991                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total               12035                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        11991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                12035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        11991                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total               12035                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    112723411                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  10036032041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   10148755452                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    112723411                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  10036032041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total    10148755452                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    112723411                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  10036032041                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total   10148755452                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        40725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             40771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9229                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total            9229                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total             156                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        40881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total              40927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        40881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total             40927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.294438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295185                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.293315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.293315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2561895.704545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 836963.726211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 843270.083257                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2561895.704545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 836963.726211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 843270.083257                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2561895.704545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 836963.726211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 843270.083257                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks               5260                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                    5260                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l209.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l209.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l209.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l209.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        11990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          12034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        11990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total           12034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        11990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total          12034                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    108845961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8982291985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9091137946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    108845961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8982291985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9091137946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    108845961                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8982291985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9091137946                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.294414                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.293290                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.293290                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2473771.840909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 749148.622602                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 755454.374771                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2473771.840909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 749148.622602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 755454.374771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2473771.840909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 749148.622602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 755454.374771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                        18187                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.835999                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         158864                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                        20235                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                         7.850951                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.632229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     2.566617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1661.507533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         355.129620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.001253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.811283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.173403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        34394                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 34395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6191                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                6191                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                  69                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        34463                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  34464                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        34463                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 34464                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18152                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total               18186                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                18186                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18152                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total               18186                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     63351668                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  14212692129                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14276043797                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     63351668                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  14212692129                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total    14276043797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     63351668                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  14212692129                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total   14276043797                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        52546                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             52581                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6191                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total            6191                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        52615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              52650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        52615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             52650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.345450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345866                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.344997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.344997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1863284.352941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 782982.157834                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 785001.858408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1863284.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 782982.157834                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 785001.858408                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1863284.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 782982.157834                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 785001.858408                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               2423                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    2423                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          18186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total           18186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18152                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total          18186                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     60366468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  12618750327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12679116795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     60366468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  12618750327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12679116795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     60366468                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  12618750327                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12679116795                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.345450                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.344997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.344997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345413                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1775484.352941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 695171.348997                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 697191.069779                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1775484.352941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 695171.348997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 697191.069779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1775484.352941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 695171.348997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 697191.069779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                        29186                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.610926                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         163987                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                        31234                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                         5.250272                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.407288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     3.527005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1650.425702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         381.250931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.006058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.001722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.805872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.186158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        36819                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 36820                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7637                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                7637                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           94                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  94                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        36913                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  36914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        36913                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 36914                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        29109                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total               29148                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        29139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                29178                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        29139                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total               29178                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65087461                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  27113974763                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   27179062224                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     28298667                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     28298667                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65087461                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  27142273430                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total    27207360891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65087461                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  27142273430                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total   27207360891                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        65928                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             65968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7637                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total            7637                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          124                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total             124                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        66052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total              66092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        66052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total             66092                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.441527                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.441851                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.241935                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.241935                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.441152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.441476                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.441152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.441476                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1668909.256410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 931463.628534                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 932450.330177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 943288.900000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 943288.900000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1668909.256410                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 931475.803219                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 932461.474090                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1668909.256410                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 931475.803219                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 932461.474090                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               4361                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    4361                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        29109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          29148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        29139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total           29178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        29139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total          29178                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61663261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  24557652297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24619315558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     25664311                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25664311                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61663261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  24583316608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24644979869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61663261                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  24583316608                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24644979869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.441527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441851                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.241935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.441152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441476                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.441152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441476                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1581109.256410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 843644.656189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 844631.383217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 855477.033333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855477.033333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1581109.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 843656.838189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 844642.534409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1581109.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 843656.838189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 844642.534409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                         8664                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.224475                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         216213                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                        10712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        20.184186                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.116886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     5.562225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1394.840779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         608.704586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.002716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.681075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.297219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        28158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 28160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8788                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                8788                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          213                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                 213                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        28371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  28373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        28371                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 28373                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8628                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                8664                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                 8664                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8628                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                8664                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     85648606                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7141249897                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7226898503                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     85648606                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7141249897                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     7226898503                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     85648606                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7141249897                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    7226898503                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        36786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             36824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8788                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total            8788                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          213                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total             213                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        36999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total              37037                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        36999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total             37037                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.234546                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.233195                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233928                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.233195                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233928                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2379127.944444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 827683.112772                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 834129.559441                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2379127.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 827683.112772                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 834129.559441                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2379127.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 827683.112772                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 834129.559441                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               4552                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    4552                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total            8664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8628                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total           8664                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     82487806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   6383447054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6465934860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     82487806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   6383447054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6465934860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     82487806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   6383447054                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6465934860                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.234546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.233195                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233928                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.233195                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2291327.944444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 739852.463375                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 746299.037396                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2291327.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 739852.463375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 746299.037396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2291327.944444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 739852.463375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 746299.037396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                        34656                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.937570                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         203131                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                        36704                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                         5.534301                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.550426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     1.765935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1820.548503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         222.072706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.888940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.108434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        40614                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                 40615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12985                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total               12985                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                  29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        40643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                  40644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        40643                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                 40644                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        34574                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total               34613                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           43                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                43                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        34617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                34656                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        34617                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total               34656                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     76110000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  32561865784                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   32637975784                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     64493525                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     64493525                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     76110000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  32626359309                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total    32702469309                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     76110000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  32626359309                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total   32702469309                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        75188                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total             75228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12985                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total           12985                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        75260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total              75300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        75260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total             75300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.459834                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.597222                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.597222                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.459965                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.459965                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1951538.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 941802.099381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 942939.814058                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1499849.418605                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1499849.418605                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1951538.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 942495.285813                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 943630.808778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1951538.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 942495.285813                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 943630.808778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               5441                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    5441                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        34574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          34613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           43                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        34617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total           34656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        34617                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total          34656                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     72685263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  29525760746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29598446009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     60717770                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60717770                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     72685263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  29586478516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29659163779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     72685263                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  29586478516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29659163779                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.459834                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.597222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.597222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.459965                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.459965                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460239                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1863724.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 853987.410945                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855125.126658                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1412041.162791                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1412041.162791                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1863724.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 854680.605367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855816.129357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1863724.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 854680.605367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855816.129357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                        18707                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.522601                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         229326                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                        20755                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        11.049193                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.406906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.634109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1651.606470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         360.875116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.001286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.806448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.176209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        34577                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                 34578                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks          18945                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total               18945                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          147                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                 147                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        34724                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                  34725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        34724                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                 34725                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18648                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               18683                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                12                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18660                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                18695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18660                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total               18695                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     64102042                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  15935126960                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15999229002                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      9226545                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      9226545                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     64102042                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  15944353505                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total    16008455547                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     64102042                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  15944353505                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total   16008455547                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        53225                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total             53261                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18945                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total           18945                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          159                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total             159                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        53384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total              53420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        53384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total             53420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.350362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.350782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.075472                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.075472                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.349543                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.349963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.349543                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.349963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1831486.914286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 854522.037752                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 856352.245464                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 768878.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 768878.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1831486.914286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 854466.961683                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 856296.097727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1831486.914286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 854466.961683                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 856296.097727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks              10111                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                   10111                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          18683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total           18695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18660                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total          18695                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61028560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  14297381310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14358409870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      8172945                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8172945                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61028560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  14305554255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14366582815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61028560                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  14305554255                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14366582815                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.350362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.075472                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.075472                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.349543                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.349543                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1743673.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 766697.839447                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 768528.066692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 681078.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 681078.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1743673.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 766642.778939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 768471.934474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1743673.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 766642.778939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 768471.934474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                         8677                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.223789                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         216314                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                        10725                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        20.169138                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.119068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     5.869872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1395.050849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         608.184001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.002866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.681177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.296965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        28231                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                 28233                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8816                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                8816                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          213                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                 213                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        28444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                  28446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        28444                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                 28446                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         8638                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                8677                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         8638                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                 8677                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         8638                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                8677                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    102560976                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7000222044                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7102783020                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    102560976                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7000222044                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     7102783020                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    102560976                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7000222044                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    7102783020                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        36869                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total             36910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8816                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total            8816                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          213                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total             213                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        37082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total              37123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        37082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total             37123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.234289                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.232943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233736                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.232943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233736                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2629768.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 810398.476962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 818575.892590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2629768.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 810398.476962                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 818575.892590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2629768.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 810398.476962                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 818575.892590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               4555                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    4555                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         8638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         8638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total            8677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         8638                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total           8677                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     99136776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   6241720239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6340857015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     99136776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   6241720239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6340857015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     99136776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   6241720239                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6340857015                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.234289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.232943                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233736                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.232943                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233736                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2541968.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 722588.589836                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730766.049902                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2541968.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 722588.589836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730766.049902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2541968.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 722588.589836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730766.049902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              515.844996                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1012189539                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1957813.421663                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    40.844996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.065457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.826675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12181443                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12181443                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12181443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       12181443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12181443                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      12181443                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80254499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     80254499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80254499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     80254499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80254499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     80254499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12181497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12181497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12181497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     12181497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12181497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     12181497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1486194.425926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1486194.425926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1486194.425926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1486194.425926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1486194.425926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1486194.425926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64825549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64825549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64825549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64825549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64825549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64825549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1543465.452381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1543465.452381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1543465.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1543465.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1543465.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1543465.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                40876                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              166566795                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                41132                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              4049.567125                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   233.161744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    22.838256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.910788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.089212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      8380773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8380773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7056038                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7056038                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18602                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18602                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        16989                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16989                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15436811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       15436811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15436811                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      15436811                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       130842                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       130842                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          924                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          924                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       131766                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       131766                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       131766                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       131766                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  44559332132                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  44559332132                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     77657967                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     77657967                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  44636990099                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  44636990099                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  44636990099                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  44636990099                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      8511615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8511615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7056962                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7056962                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        18602                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18602                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        16989                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16989                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15568577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15568577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15568577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15568577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.015372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 340558.323260                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 340558.323260                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 84045.418831                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84045.418831                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 338759.544184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 338759.544184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 338759.544184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 338759.544184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9231                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            9231                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        90122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        90122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        90890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        90890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        90890                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        90890                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        40720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        40876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        40876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  11942734411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11942734411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     10053742                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10053742                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  11952788153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11952788153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  11952788153                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11952788153                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 293289.155476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293289.155476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 64447.064103                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64447.064103                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 292415.797852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292415.797852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 292415.797852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292415.797852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              559.207606                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              931874311                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1658139.343416                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    34.043248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   525.164358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.054556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.841610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11729279                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11729279                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11729279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       11729279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11729279                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      11729279                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     72704824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     72704824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     72704824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     72704824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     72704824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     72704824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11729329                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11729329                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11729329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     11729329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11729329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     11729329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1454096.480000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1454096.480000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1454096.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1454096.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1454096.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1454096.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     59011448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59011448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     59011448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59011448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     59011448                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59011448                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1686041.371429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1686041.371429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1686041.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1686041.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1686041.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1686041.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                52567                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              223911100                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                52823                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              4238.894042                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   203.362262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    52.637738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.794384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.205616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     17202569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17202569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      3334989                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3334989                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         7894                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7894                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         7828                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7828                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     20537558                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       20537558                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     20537558                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      20537558                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       185496                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       185496                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          304                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          304                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       185800                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       185800                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       185800                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       185800                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  83849520093                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  83849520093                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     26484117                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26484117                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  83876004210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  83876004210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  83876004210                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  83876004210                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     17388065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17388065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      3335293                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3335293                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7894                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7894                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7828                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7828                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     20723358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20723358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     20723358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20723358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000091                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000091                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008966                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008966                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008966                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008966                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 452028.723493                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 452028.723493                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 87118.805921                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87118.805921                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 451431.669591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 451431.669591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 451431.669591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 451431.669591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6179                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            6179                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       132998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       132998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          235                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          235                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       133233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       133233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       133233                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       133233                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        52498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        52498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        52567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        52567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        52567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        52567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  16959623616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16959623616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      4523394                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4523394                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  16964147010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16964147010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  16964147010                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16964147010                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 323052.756600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323052.756600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 65556.434783                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65556.434783                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 322714.764206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 322714.764206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 322714.764206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 322714.764206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              558.947806                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              931906069                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1658195.852313                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    33.701734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   525.246072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.054009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.841741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11761037                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11761037                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11761037                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       11761037                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11761037                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      11761037                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     68758550                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     68758550                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     68758550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     68758550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     68758550                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     68758550                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11761083                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11761083                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11761083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     11761083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11761083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     11761083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1494751.086957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1494751.086957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1494751.086957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1494751.086957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1494751.086957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1494751.086957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     51900221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51900221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     51900221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51900221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     51900221                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51900221                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1482863.457143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1482863.457143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1482863.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1482863.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1482863.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1482863.457143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                52586                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              223963254                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                52842                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              4238.356875                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   202.487341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    53.512659                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.790966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.209034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     17245622                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17245622                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      3344064                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3344064                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         7902                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7902                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         7846                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7846                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     20589686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       20589686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     20589686                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      20589686                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       185727                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       185727                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          312                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          312                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       186039                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       186039                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       186039                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       186039                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  82305407379                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  82305407379                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     27173462                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27173462                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  82332580841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  82332580841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  82332580841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  82332580841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     17431349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17431349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      3344376                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3344376                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7902                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7902                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7846                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7846                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     20775725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20775725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     20775725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20775725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010655                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010655                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 443152.623900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 443152.623900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 87094.429487                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87094.429487                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 442555.490198                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 442555.490198                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 442555.490198                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 442555.490198                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6183                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            6183                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       133211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       133211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          242                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          242                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       133453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       133453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       133453                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       133453                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        52516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        52516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        52586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        52586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        52586                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        52586                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  16693777617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16693777617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      4590178                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4590178                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  16698367795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16698367795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  16698367795                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16698367795                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 317879.838849                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317879.838849                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 65573.971429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65573.971429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 317543.981193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317543.981193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 317543.981193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317543.981193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              495.048378                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1015640814                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             2043542.885312                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    40.048378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.064180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.793347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12541374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12541374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12541374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       12541374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12541374                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      12541374                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    142682828                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    142682828                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    142682828                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    142682828                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    142682828                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    142682828                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12541437                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12541437                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12541437                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     12541437                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12541437                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     12541437                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2264806.793651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2264806.793651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2264806.793651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2264806.793651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2264806.793651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2264806.793651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       637890                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       212630                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     94408914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94408914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     94408914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     94408914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     94408914                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     94408914                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2247831.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2247831.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2247831.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2247831.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2247831.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2247831.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                37055                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              164697766                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                37311                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              4414.187934                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.467194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.532806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.911981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.088019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      9995980                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9995980                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      7427714                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7427714                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        19927                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19927                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        18064                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18064                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     17423694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       17423694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     17423694                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      17423694                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        95315                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        95315                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2163                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2163                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        97478                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        97478                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        97478                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        97478                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  21393853631                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21393853631                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    139626701                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    139626701                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  21533480332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21533480332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  21533480332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21533480332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     10091295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10091295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      7429877                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7429877                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        19927                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19927                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        18064                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18064                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     17521172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17521172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     17521172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17521172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009445                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009445                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 224454.216346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 224454.216346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 64552.335183                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64552.335183                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 220906.054002                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 220906.054002                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 220906.054002                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 220906.054002                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           15                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           15                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8806                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            8806                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        58474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1949                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1949                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        60423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        60423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        60423                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        60423                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        36841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        37055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        37055                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37055                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8966234583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8966234583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     15588719                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15588719                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8981823302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8981823302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8981823302                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8981823302                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 243376.525691                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243376.525691                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 72844.481308                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72844.481308                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 242391.669194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242391.669194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 242391.669194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242391.669194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              517.923540                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1012881254                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1951601.645472                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    35.923540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.057570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11557103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11557103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11557103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       11557103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11557103                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      11557103                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    125451674                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    125451674                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    125451674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    125451674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    125451674                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    125451674                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11557153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11557153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11557153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     11557153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11557153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     11557153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2509033.480000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2509033.480000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2509033.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2509033.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2509033.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2509033.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     80710974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80710974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     80710974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80710974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     80710974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80710974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2181377.675676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2181377.675676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2181377.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2181377.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2181377.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2181377.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                53388                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              172060984                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                53644                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              3207.459996                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   233.926586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    22.073414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.913776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.086224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      8149823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8149823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      6890172                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6890172                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        17092                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17092                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        15857                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15857                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     15039995                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       15039995                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     15039995                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      15039995                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       182706                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       182706                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5393                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5393                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       188099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       188099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       188099                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       188099                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  77075522033                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  77075522033                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3372181027                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3372181027                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  80447703060                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  80447703060                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  80447703060                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  80447703060                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      8332529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8332529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      6895565                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6895565                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        17092                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17092                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        15857                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15857                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     15228094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15228094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     15228094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15228094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021927                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021927                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000782                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000782                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012352                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012352                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012352                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012352                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 421855.451014                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 421855.451014                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 625288.527165                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 625288.527165                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 427688.095418                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 427688.095418                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 427688.095418                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 427688.095418                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     51955329                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets            94                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 552716.265957                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18923                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total           18923                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       129471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       129471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5240                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5240                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       134711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       134711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       134711                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       134711                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        53235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        53388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        53388                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53388                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  18131233464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18131233464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     15462541                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15462541                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  18146696005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18146696005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  18146696005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18146696005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006389                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006389                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 340588.587658                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340588.587658                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 101062.359477                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101062.359477                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 339902.150390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339902.150390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 339902.150390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339902.150390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              528.648081                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1017040324                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1915330.177024                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    38.648081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.061936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11264999                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11264999                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11264999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       11264999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11264999                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      11264999                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           65                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           65                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           65                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           65                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    101089430                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    101089430                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    101089430                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    101089430                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    101089430                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    101089430                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11265064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11265064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11265064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     11265064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11265064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     11265064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1555222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1555222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1555222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      1555222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1555222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      1555222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     69853793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69853793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     69853793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69853793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     69853793                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69853793                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1703751.048780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1703751.048780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1703751.048780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1703751.048780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1703751.048780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1703751.048780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                66253                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              180168968                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                66509                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              2708.941166                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   234.090682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    21.909318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.914417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.085583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      7806510                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7806510                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      6466607                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6466607                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        18531                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18531                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        15088                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15088                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     14273117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       14273117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     14273117                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      14273117                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       172235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       172235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          860                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          860                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       173095                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       173095                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       173095                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       173095                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  74328664104                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  74328664104                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    361974909                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    361974909                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  74690639013                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  74690639013                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  74690639013                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  74690639013                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      7978745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7978745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      6467467                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6467467                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        18531                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18531                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        15088                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15088                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     14446212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14446212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     14446212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14446212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021587                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021587                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011982                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011982                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011982                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011982                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 431553.773066                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 431553.773066                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 420901.056977                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 420901.056977                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 431500.846431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 431500.846431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 431500.846431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 431500.846431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       157143                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       157143                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7649                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            7649                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       106107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       106107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          735                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          735                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       106842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       106842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       106842                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       106842                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        66128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        66128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          125                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          125                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        66253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        66253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        66253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        66253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  29496541987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29496541987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     36540573                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36540573                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  29533082560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29533082560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  29533082560                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29533082560                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004586                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004586                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004586                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004586                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 446052.231838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 446052.231838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 292324.584000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292324.584000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 445762.192806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 445762.192806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 445762.192806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 445762.192806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              517.902917                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1012861921                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1951564.394990                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    35.902917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.057537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11537770                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11537770                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11537770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       11537770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11537770                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      11537770                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    107235592                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    107235592                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    107235592                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    107235592                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    107235592                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    107235592                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11537823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11537823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11537823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     11537823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11537823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     11537823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2023313.056604                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2023313.056604                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2023313.056604                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2023313.056604                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2023313.056604                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2023313.056604                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     69445967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69445967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     69445967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69445967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     69445967                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69445967                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1876918.027027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1876918.027027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1876918.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1876918.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1876918.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1876918.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                53387                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              172035529                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                53643                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              3207.045262                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   233.924982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    22.075018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.913769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.086231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      8135694                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8135694                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      6879130                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6879130                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        16834                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16834                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        15831                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15831                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     15014824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       15014824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     15014824                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      15014824                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       182156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       182156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5362                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5362                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       187518                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       187518                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       187518                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       187518                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  77421316846                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  77421316846                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3405653288                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3405653288                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  80826970134                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  80826970134                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  80826970134                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  80826970134                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      8317850                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8317850                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      6884492                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6884492                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        16834                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16834                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        15831                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15831                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     15202342                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15202342                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     15202342                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15202342                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021899                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021899                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000779                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000779                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 425027.541481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 425027.541481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 635146.081313                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 635146.081313                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 431035.794612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 431035.794612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 431035.794612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 431035.794612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     47079282                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets            90                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 523103.133333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18892                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total           18892                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       128922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       128922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         5209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       134131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       134131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       134131                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       134131                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        53234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        53387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        53387                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53387                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  18407917606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18407917606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     13626851                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13626851                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  18421544457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18421544457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  18421544457                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18421544457                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003512                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003512                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003512                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003512                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 345792.493632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 345792.493632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 89064.385621                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89064.385621                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 345056.745219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 345056.745219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 345056.745219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 345056.745219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              559.215096                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              931907881                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1658199.076512                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    34.137534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   525.077562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.054708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.841470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11762849                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11762849                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11762849                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       11762849                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11762849                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      11762849                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     71849180                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     71849180                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     71849180                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     71849180                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     71849180                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     71849180                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11762895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11762895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11762895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     11762895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11762895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     11762895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1561938.695652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1561938.695652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1561938.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1561938.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1561938.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1561938.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     56762569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56762569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     56762569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56762569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     56762569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56762569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1621787.685714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1621787.685714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1621787.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1621787.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1621787.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1621787.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                52666                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              223970853                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                52922                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              4232.093515                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   203.393704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    52.606296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.794507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.205493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     17252105                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17252105                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      3345146                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3345146                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         7929                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7929                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         7853                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7853                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     20597251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       20597251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     20597251                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      20597251                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       185732                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       185732                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          276                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          276                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       186008                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       186008                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       186008                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       186008                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  82087702061                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  82087702061                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     23805780                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     23805780                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  82111507841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  82111507841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  82111507841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  82111507841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     17437837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17437837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      3345422                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3345422                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7929                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7929                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7853                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7853                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     20783259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20783259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     20783259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20783259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.010651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000083                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000083                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008950                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008950                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008950                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008950                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 441968.546406                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 441968.546406                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 86252.826087                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86252.826087                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 441440.732877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 441440.732877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 441440.732877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 441440.732877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6273                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            6273                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       133132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       133132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          210                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          210                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       133342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       133342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       133342                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       133342                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        52600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        52600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        52666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        52666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        52666                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        52666                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  16663470910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16663470910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      4288227                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4288227                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  16667759137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16667759137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  16667759137                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16667759137                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 316796.024905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316796.024905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 64973.136364                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64973.136364                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 316480.445392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316480.445392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 316480.445392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316480.445392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              579.491953                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1041945411                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1787213.397942                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    38.478891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   541.013062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.061665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.867008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     10988646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10988646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     10988646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       10988646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     10988646                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      10988646                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     98638132                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     98638132                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     98638132                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     98638132                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     98638132                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     98638132                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     10988701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10988701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     10988701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     10988701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     10988701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     10988701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1793420.581818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1793420.581818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1793420.581818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1793420.581818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1793420.581818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1793420.581818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       566584                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       283292                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     75069175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75069175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     75069175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     75069175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     75069175                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     75069175                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1876729.375000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1876729.375000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1876729.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1876729.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1876729.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1876729.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                75147                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              446671291                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                75403                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              5923.786733                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   111.896640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   144.103360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.437096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.562904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     28768682                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      28768682                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     15748747                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15748747                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         7702                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7702                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         7684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     44517429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       44517429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     44517429                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      44517429                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       275646                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       275646                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          284                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          284                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       275930                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       275930                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       275930                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       275930                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 136273133859                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 136273133859                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    271076569                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    271076569                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 136544210428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 136544210428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 136544210428                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 136544210428                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     29044328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     29044328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15749031                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15749031                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7702                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7702                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     44793359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     44793359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     44793359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     44793359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009491                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009491                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 494377.331284                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 494377.331284                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 954494.961268                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 954494.961268                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 494850.905766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 494850.905766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 494850.905766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 494850.905766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1294718                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      1294718                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total           12855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       200571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       200571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          212                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          212                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       200783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       200783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       200783                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       200783                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        75075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        75075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        75147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        75147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        75147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        75147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  35900569714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35900569714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     70119801                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70119801                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  35970689515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35970689515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  35970689515                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35970689515                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 478196.066787                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 478196.066787                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 973886.125000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 973886.125000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 478670.998377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 478670.998377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 478670.998377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 478670.998377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              518.924520                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1012181810                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1942767.389635                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    44.745144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   474.179377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.071707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.759903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12173714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12173714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12173714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       12173714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12173714                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      12173714                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    129945583                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    129945583                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    129945583                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    129945583                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    129945583                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    129945583                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12173772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12173772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12173772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     12173772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12173772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     12173772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2240441.086207                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2240441.086207                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2240441.086207                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2240441.086207                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2240441.086207                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2240441.086207                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       830060                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 276686.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    113248891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    113248891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    113248891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    113248891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    113248891                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    113248891                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2461932.413043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2461932.413043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2461932.413043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2461932.413043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2461932.413043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2461932.413043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                40881                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              166567654                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                41137                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              4049.095802                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   233.164340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    22.835660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.910798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.089202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      8380372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8380372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      7057698                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7057698                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        18198                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18198                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        16993                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16993                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     15438070                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       15438070                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     15438070                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      15438070                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       130991                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       130991                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          926                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          926                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       131917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       131917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       131917                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       131917                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  45138294145                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  45138294145                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     77801096                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     77801096                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  45216095241                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  45216095241                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  45216095241                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  45216095241                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      8511363                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8511363                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      7058624                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7058624                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        18198                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18198                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        16993                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16993                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     15569987                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15569987                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     15569987                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15569987                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.015390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008473                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008473                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008473                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008473                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 344590.805055                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 344590.805055                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 84018.462203                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84018.462203                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 342761.700471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 342761.700471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 342761.700471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 342761.700471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9229                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            9229                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        90266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        90266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          770                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          770                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        91036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        91036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        91036                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        91036                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        40725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        40881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        40881                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40881                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  12008939877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12008939877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     10046508                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10046508                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  12018986385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12018986385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  12018986385                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12018986385                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 294878.818343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 294878.818343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 64400.692308                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64400.692308                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 293999.324503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293999.324503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 293999.324503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293999.324503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              559.077759                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              931914858                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1658211.491103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    33.953938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   525.123820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.054413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.841545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11769826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11769826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11769826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       11769826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11769826                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      11769826                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     77725965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     77725965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     77725965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     77725965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     77725965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     77725965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11769872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11769872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11769872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     11769872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11769872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     11769872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1689694.891304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1689694.891304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1689694.891304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1689694.891304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1689694.891304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1689694.891304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     63735394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63735394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     63735394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63735394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     63735394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63735394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1821011.257143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1821011.257143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1821011.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1821011.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1821011.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1821011.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                52615                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              223979022                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                52871                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              4236.330351                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   202.114988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    53.885012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.789512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.210488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     17259628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17259628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      3345810                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3345810                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         7913                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7913                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         7851                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7851                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     20605438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       20605438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     20605438                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      20605438                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       185833                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       185833                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          300                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          300                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       186133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       186133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       186133                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       186133                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  81896830760                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  81896830760                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     25824664                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25824664                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  81922655424                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  81922655424                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  81922655424                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  81922655424                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     17445461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17445461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      3346110                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3346110                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7913                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7913                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7851                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7851                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     20791571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20791571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     20791571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20791571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010652                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010652                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 440701.225078                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 440701.225078                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 86082.213333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86082.213333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 440129.667625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 440129.667625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 440129.667625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 440129.667625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6191                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            6191                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       133287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       133287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          231                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          231                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       133518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       133518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       133518                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       133518                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        52546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        52546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        52615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        52615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        52615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        52615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  16618795736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16618795736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      4461080                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4461080                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  16623256816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16623256816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  16623256816                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16623256816                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 316271.376242                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316271.376242                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 64653.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64653.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 315941.401045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315941.401045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 315941.401045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315941.401045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              528.716814                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1017014404                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1918895.101887                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    38.716814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.062046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11239079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11239079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11239079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       11239079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11239079                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      11239079                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     96077481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96077481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     96077481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     96077481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     96077481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     96077481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11239138                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11239138                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11239138                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     11239138                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11239138                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     11239138                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1628431.881356                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1628431.881356                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1628431.881356                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1628431.881356                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1628431.881356                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1628431.881356                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65477428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65477428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65477428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65477428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65477428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65477428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1636935.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1636935.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1636935.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1636935.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1636935.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1636935.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                66050                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              180134543                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                66306                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              2716.715576                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   234.088435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    21.911565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.914408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.085592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      7788247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7788247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      6450517                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6450517                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        18496                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18496                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        15051                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15051                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     14238764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       14238764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     14238764                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      14238764                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       171757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       171757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          840                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          840                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       172597                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       172597                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       172597                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       172597                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  75062991949                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  75062991949                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    346256717                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    346256717                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  75409248666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  75409248666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  75409248666                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  75409248666                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      7960004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7960004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      6451357                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6451357                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        18496                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18496                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        15051                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15051                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     14411361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14411361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     14411361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14411361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.021578                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021578                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011976                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011976                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011976                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011976                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 437030.176057                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 437030.176057                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 412210.377381                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 412210.377381                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 436909.382353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 436909.382353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 436909.382353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 436909.382353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7637                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            7637                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       105829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       105829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          716                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          716                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       106545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       106545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       106545                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       106545                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        65928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        65928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          124                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          124                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        66052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        66052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        66052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        66052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  29773119115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29773119115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     34609674                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34609674                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  29807728789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29807728789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  29807728789                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29807728789                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 451600.520492                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451600.520492                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 279110.274194                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 279110.274194                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 451276.703037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451276.703037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 451276.703037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451276.703037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              491.388469                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1015630535                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             2060102.505071                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    36.388469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.058315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12531095                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12531095                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12531095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       12531095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12531095                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      12531095                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    134536111                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    134536111                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    134536111                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    134536111                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    134536111                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    134536111                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12531149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12531149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12531149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     12531149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12531149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     12531149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2491409.462963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2491409.462963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2491409.462963                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2491409.462963                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2491409.462963                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2491409.462963                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1254810                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 313702.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     86078767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     86078767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     86078767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     86078767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     86078767                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     86078767                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2265230.710526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2265230.710526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2265230.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2265230.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2265230.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2265230.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                36999                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              164687340                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                37255                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              4420.543283                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   233.468269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    22.531731                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.911985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.088015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      9989419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9989419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      7423857                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7423857                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        19927                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19927                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        18056                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18056                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     17413276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       17413276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     17413276                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      17413276                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        95123                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        95123                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2171                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2171                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        97294                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        97294                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        97294                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        97294                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  21566750008                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21566750008                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    139675383                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    139675383                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  21706425391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21706425391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  21706425391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21706425391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     10084542                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10084542                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      7426028                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7426028                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        19927                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19927                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        18056                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18056                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     17510570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17510570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     17510570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17510570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 226724.872092                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 226724.872092                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 64336.887609                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64336.887609                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 223101.377176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 223101.377176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 223101.377176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 223101.377176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        26058                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets         8686                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8788                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            8788                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        58337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1958                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1958                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        60295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        60295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        60295                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        60295                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        36786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        36999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        36999                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36999                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9044020098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9044020098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     15580693                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15580693                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9059600791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9059600791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9059600791                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9059600791                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 245854.947480                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245854.947480                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 73148.793427                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73148.793427                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 244860.693289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 244860.693289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 244860.693289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 244860.693289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              578.540215                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1041960411                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1787239.126930                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    38.479008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   540.061207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.061665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.865483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.927148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11003646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11003646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11003646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       11003646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11003646                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      11003646                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    100670724                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    100670724                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    100670724                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    100670724                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    100670724                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    100670724                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11003701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11003701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11003701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     11003701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11003701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     11003701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1830376.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1830376.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1830376.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1830376.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1830376.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1830376.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1212634                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 404211.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     76517443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76517443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     76517443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     76517443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     76517443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     76517443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1912936.075000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1912936.075000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1912936.075000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1912936.075000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1912936.075000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1912936.075000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                75260                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              446736039                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                75516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              5915.779954                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   111.896426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   144.103574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.437095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.562905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data     28807617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      28807617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15774531                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15774531                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         7717                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7717                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         7698                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7698                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     44582148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       44582148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     44582148                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      44582148                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       276279                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       276279                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          294                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          294                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       276573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       276573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       276573                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       276573                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 135245205239                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 135245205239                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    246558227                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    246558227                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 135491763466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 135491763466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 135491763466                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 135491763466                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     29083896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     29083896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     15774825                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15774825                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7717                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7717                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7698                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7698                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     44858721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     44858721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     44858721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     44858721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009499                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009499                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 489524.014634                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 489524.014634                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 838633.425170                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 838633.425170                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 489895.121599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 489895.121599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 489895.121599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 489895.121599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1278792                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      1278792                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12985                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total           12985                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       201091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       201091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          222                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          222                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       201313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       201313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       201313                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       201313                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        75188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        75188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        75260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        75260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        75260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        75260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  35622470704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35622470704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     66811966                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66811966                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  35689282670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35689282670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  35689282670                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35689282670                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 473778.670852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 473778.670852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 927943.972222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 927943.972222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 474213.163301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474213.163301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 474213.163301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474213.163301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              517.105318                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1012869253                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1955346.048263                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    35.105318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.056259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11545102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11545102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11545102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       11545102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11545102                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      11545102                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     94887524                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94887524                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     94887524                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94887524                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     94887524                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94887524                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11545152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11545152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11545152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     11545152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11545152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     11545152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1897750.480000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1897750.480000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1897750.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1897750.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1897750.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1897750.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     64466728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64466728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     64466728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64466728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     64466728                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64466728                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1790742.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1790742.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1790742.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1790742.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1790742.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1790742.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                53384                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              172046443                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                53640                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              3207.428095                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   233.927328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    22.072672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.913779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.086221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      8141926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8141926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      6883831                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6883831                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        16805                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16805                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        15841                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15841                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15025757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       15025757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15025757                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      15025757                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       181990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       181990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5395                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5395                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       187385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       187385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       187385                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       187385                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  76996416694                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  76996416694                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3437229321                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3437229321                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  80433646015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  80433646015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  80433646015                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  80433646015                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      8323916                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8323916                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      6889226                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6889226                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        16805                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16805                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        15841                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15841                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     15213142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15213142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     15213142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15213142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021864                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021864                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000783                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000783                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 423080.480763                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 423080.480763                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 637113.868582                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 637113.868582                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 429242.714278                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 429242.714278                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 429242.714278                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 429242.714278                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     54034906                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets            94                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 574839.425532                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18945                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total           18945                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       128765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       128765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         5236                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5236                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       134001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       134001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       134001                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       134001                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        53225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        53384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        53384                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53384                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  18363895817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18363895817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     18855415                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18855415                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  18382751232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18382751232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  18382751232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18382751232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 345023.876318                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 345023.876318                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 118587.515723                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118587.515723                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 344349.453619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344349.453619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 344349.453619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344349.453619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              494.129552                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1015647045                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             2047675.493952                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    39.129552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.062708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.791874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12547605                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12547605                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12547605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       12547605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12547605                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      12547605                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    154202375                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    154202375                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    154202375                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    154202375                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    154202375                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    154202375                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12547665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12547665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12547665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     12547665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12547665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     12547665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2570039.583333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2570039.583333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2570039.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2570039.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2570039.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2570039.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1254904                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       313726                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    103014685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    103014685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    103014685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    103014685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    103014685                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    103014685                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2512553.292683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2512553.292683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2512553.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2512553.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2512553.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2512553.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                37082                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              164705602                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                37338                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              4411.205796                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   233.466940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    22.533060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.911980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.088020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      9999625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9999625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      7431916                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7431916                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        19904                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19904                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        18076                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18076                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     17431541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       17431541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     17431541                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      17431541                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        95334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        95334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2167                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2167                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        97501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        97501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        97501                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        97501                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  21312182163                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21312182163                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    139623587                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    139623587                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  21451805750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21451805750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  21451805750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21451805750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     10094959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10094959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      7434083                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7434083                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        19904                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19904                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        18076                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18076                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     17529042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17529042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     17529042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17529042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 223552.795047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223552.795047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 64431.742963                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64431.742963                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 220016.263936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 220016.263936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 220016.263936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 220016.263936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         3271                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   817.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8816                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            8816                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        58465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1954                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1954                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        60419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        60419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        60419                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        60419                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        36869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        37082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        37082                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37082                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8907724139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8907724139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     15519183                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15519183                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8923243322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8923243322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8923243322                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8923243322                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 241604.712333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241604.712333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 72860.014085                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72860.014085                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 240635.438272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240635.438272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 240635.438272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240635.438272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
